0	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Born To Win explores how planning and preparation is the only way to win in life and shows you how to use these tools in combination with a vision, goals, and thinking positively to become a winner in all aspects of life.
1	Adjudicated	Business	Anything You Want teaches you how to build a business that’s based on who you are, and can become anything you want it to be, rather than following the traditional paths of startup or corporate culture.
2	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Be Where Your Feet Are explores the enlightening life lessons that one of America’s top-tier sports personalities has to give, from being present in the moment and living in a meaningful way, to achieving a more fulfilling and successful life.
3	Adjudicated	History	Doubt: A History is a fascinating look at the historical influence of doubt on science, religion, and the way we think today.
4	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Winners Dream will inspire you to get up and get moving to make your biggest goals happen by sharing the incredible rags to riches story of Bill McDermott, who went from humble beginnings to CEO of the biggest software company in the world simply by having a vision of what he wanted in life.
5	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Elite Minds delves into the idea of success and teaches you how to train your mind to tap into its highest potential, adopt a winning mentality, embrace the gifts you've been given and improve mental toughness.
6	Adjudicated	Personal Development	8 Rules of Love offers a 4-stage model of love, loosely based on Indian tradition, along with 8 rules to help us progress through it and become more emotionally mature people in the process.
7	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Why Has Nobody Told Me This Before? is a collection of a clinical psychologist’s best practical advice to combat anxiety and depression and improve our mental health in small increments, collected from over a decade of 1-on-1 work with patients.
8	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Write It Down, Make It Happen is a simple guide to help you accomplish your goals through the act of writing, showing you how to use this basic skill to focus, address fears, and stay motivated.
9	Adjudicated	Other	Exploring The World Of Lucid Dreaming is a practical guide to dreaming consciously which uncovers an invaluable channel of communication between your conscious and unconscious mind.
10	Adjudicated	Business	Winning is Jack Welch’s manual to becoming an astonishing manager and leader, which gives you practical tools to manage the finances, strategy and, most importantly, the people of your company.
11	Adjudicated	Physical Health	When The Body Says No will help you become healthier by teaching you the truth behind the mind-body connection, revealing how your mental state does in fact affect your physical condition and how you can improve both.
12	Adjudicated	Business	Designing Your Work Life is a helpful guidebook for anyone who wants to create and maintain a work environment that is both happy and productive by working with what they already have, rather than keep on changing jobs in hope of finding better.
13	Adjudicated	Personal Development	13 Things Mentally Strong Parents Don't Do teaches parents how to stop being a roadblock to their kids academic, behavioral, and emotional success by outlining ways to develop the right thinking habits.
14	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Doughnut Economics is a wake-up call to transform our capitalist worldview obsessed with growth into a more balanced, sustainable perspective that allows both humans and our planet to thrive.
15	Adjudicated	Business	Design To Grow uses Coca-Cola as an example of how keeping a company stable and flexible at the same time over decades is not only possible, but a must to grow and scale your business across the globe.
16	Adjudicated	Business	Things A Little Bird Told Me is Twitter co-founder Biz Stone’s look back at the years of his life during and before Twitter, from which he draws many lessons about business, life and society.
17	Adjudicated	History	Common Sense is a classic piece of US history that will help you see the importance of societies coming together to form a fair governmental system and how these ideas paved the way for the American revolution.
18	Adjudicated	Business	Be Our Guest shows you how to take better care of your customers by outlining the philosophy and systems that Disney has for taking care of theirs which have helped it become one of the most successful companies in the world.
19	Adjudicated	Other	Eats, Shoots & Leaves offers a humorous, yet instructive overview of how punctuation rules play a huge part in our writing language and how today’s society has become overly relaxed about using the right punctuations marks, leaving grammar-concerned people like her frustrated.
20	Adjudicated	Personal Development	You'll See It When You Believe It shows you how to discover your true, best self by revealing how to use the power of your mind to find peace with yourself, the people around you, and the universe.
21	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Willpower Doesn't Work shows you how to change your life in a more efficient way than relying on sheer grit alone by identifying the importance of your environment and other factors that affect your productivity so you can become your best self.
22	Adjudicated	Personal Development	You Are A Badass helps you become self-aware, figure out what you want in life and then summon the guts to not worry about the how, kick others’ opinions to the curb and focus your life on the thing that will make you happy.
23	Adjudicated	Personal Development	The Wisdom Of Insecurity is a self-help classic that breaks down our psychological need for stability and explains how it’s led us right into consumerism, why that won't solve our problem and how we can really calm our anxiety.
24	Adjudicated	Physical Health	The Uninhabitable Earth explains how humanity’s complacency and negligence have put this world on a course to soon be unlivable unless we each do our small part to improve how we care for this beautiful planet we live on.
25	Adjudicated	Business	Executive Presence is an actionable guide to the essential components of a strong leader’s charisma, including and teaching you elements like gravitas, communication, appearance, and others.
26	Adjudicated	History	Call Sign Chaos is a review of US foreign policy through the eyes of General Jim Mattis, who led forces in Afghanistan and Iraq.
27	Adjudicated	Other	 An Ugly Truth offers a critical look at Facebook and its administrators, who foster a gaslighting environment and a controversial social media platform that can easily become a danger for its users both virtually and in real life due to its immense power and influence on our society.
28	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Effortless takes the idea of productivity to another level by explaining how doing the most with a minimum input of effort and time is a much more desired outcome than the idea of being constantly busy that is glamorized nowadays.
29	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Conscious Uncoupling will improve your love life by showing you how to break up the right way and why things are going to be okay after you separate from someone you once loved.
30	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Enchantment is a personal exploration of the four elements and their power to reconnect us to the planet, other people, and ourselves as we re-emerge from a global health crisis feeling busier than ever before.
31	Adjudicated	Physical Health	What to Eat When teaches us how food works inside our body and how to feed ourselves in a way that better suits our biology, making us healthier and stronger.
32	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Finding Your Element shows you how to find your talents and passions, embrace them, and come up with your own definition of happiness, so you can combine what you love with what you're good at to live a long, happy life.
33	Adjudicated	History	A World In Disarray will open your mind to new ways of making the world a more peaceful place by guiding you through the major changes in global affairs since World War II.
34	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Descartes’ Error will help you understand why the argument that the mind and body are disconnected is false by using neuroscience and interesting case studies to identify how the body and our emotions play a vital role in logical thinking.
35	Adjudicated	Business	Your Money Or Your Life is the ultimate guide to financial freedom, as it explores nine effective ways to stop living paycheck to paycheck, get out of debt, earn enough money to make more than just a living, and start living your life worry free from a financial point of view.
36	Adjudicated	Other	The World According To Star Wars Summary examines not only the unrivaled popularity of this epic franchise, but also what we can learn from it about the real world about politics, law, economics and even ourselves.
37	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Boost! is a guide for becoming more productive at work by using the preparation and performance techniques that world-class athletes use to win gold medals.
38	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Why We Work looks at the purpose of work in our lives by examining how different people view their work, what traits make work feel meaningful, and which questions companies should ask to maximize the motivation of their employees.
39	Adjudicated	Personal Development	The Universe Has Your Back explores the importance of spiritual elevation, meditation, and ways to live by a mantra that serves you in your self-discovery journey that will shape your reality through new and improved thoughts and inner beliefs.
40	Adjudicated	Business	Explaining why they're the future of business and showing you that you too, can be a leader.
41	Adjudicated	Business	Disrupt Yourself explains how you can harness the ever-accelerating power of disruptive innovation in your personal life, be it to advance your career or to build a company that thrives, by embracing your limitations, focusing on your strengths and staying flexible and curious along the way.
42	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Areté is the ultimate guide to Personal Development, providing 451 short ideas across 7 disciplines, combined from ancient philosophy, modern science, and the world’s best books, in order to help you become the hero of your own story and achieve your full potential.
43	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Difficult Conversations identifies why we shy away from some conversations more than others, and what we can do to navigate them successfully and without stress.
44	Adjudicated	Business	Company Of One will teach you how going small, not big when creating your own company will bring you independence, income, and lots of free time without the hassles of having to manage employees, long meetings, and forced growth.
45	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Better Than Before breaks down the latest research on how to break bad habits and develop good ones, in order to help you find your habit tendency and give you a few simple tools to start improving your own habits.
46	Adjudicated	Other	What If is a compilation of well-researched, science-based answers to some of the craziest hypothetical questions you can imagine.
47	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Unplug is your guide to utilizing meditation to enhance your brain, deal with stress, and become happier, explaining the basics of this practice, how to get started with it, and what science has to teach about its many benefits.
48	Adjudicated	Technology	A World Without Email presents a utopia where people engage in their usual professional activities without using emails as a means of communication, and explores a new way of working that Doesn't rely on instant messaging, which is known for decreasing productivity at the workplace.
49	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Failing Forward will help you stop making excuses, start embracing failure as a natural, necessary part of the process and let you find the confidence to proceed anyway.
50	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Trust Yourself offers career and wellbeing advice from a sensitive striver’s point of view, a introvert-leaning character type that comes with plenty of positive traits but is also prone to burnout, giving practical tips on breaking free from stress and perfectionism for a healthier, more balanced life.
51	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Fail Fast Fail Often outlines the importance of accepting failure as a natural part of our life, and how by embracing it instead of fearing it can improve the way we evolve, grow, learn and respond to new experiences and people. 
52	Adjudicated	Other	A Christmas Carol is an evergreen, world-famous novella, telling the story of the rich but miserable, old Ebenezer Scrooge who, after being visited by the ghosts of Christmas Past, Present, and Yet to Come, realizes there’s more to life than money, opens his heart, and changes his miserly ways.
53	Adjudicated	Business	Vagabonding will change your relationship with money and travel by showing you that long-term life on the road isn't reserved for rich people and hippies, and will give you the tools you need to start living a life of adventure, simplicity and content.
54	Adjudicated	Other	Accidental Genius introduces you to the concept of freewriting, which you can use to solve complex problems, exercise your creativity, flesh out your ideas and even build a catalog of publishable work.
55	Adjudicated	Personal Development	The Subtle Art Of Not Giving A F*ck does away with the positive psychology craze to instead give you a Stoic, no-BS approach to living a life that might not always be happy, but meaningful and centered only around what’s important to you.
56	Adjudicated	Business	Born For This shows you how to find the work you were meant to do, which actually might consist of many different forms of work over the course of your life, by showing you the power of a side hustle, proper risk-assessment, creating your own job and pursuing all of your passions – one at a time.
57	Adjudicated	Business	A Message To Garcia teaches you how to be the best at your job by becoming a dedicated worker with a good attitude about whatever tasks your company gives you.
58	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Beyond Order is the follow-up to Jordan Peterson’s bestselling book 12 Rules for Life and identifies another 12 rules to live by that help us live with and even embrace the chaos that we struggle with every day, identifying that too much order can be a problem just as much as too much disorder.
59	Adjudicated	Physical Health	Fat For Fuel explores the “Mitochondrial Metabolic Therapy” program, which offers a revolutionary approach to diets by promoting a high-fat, adequate-protein, and low-carb diet, all while highlighting the importance of fasting and the role of nutrition in fighting diseases.
60	Adjudicated	History	Titan will inspire you to keep working hard to make your business goals happen by sharing the life story of John D. Rockefeller Sr., from his humble beginnings to his astronomical success as an oil tycoon and beyond.
61	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Chatter will help you make sense of the inner mind chatter that frequently takes over your mind, showing you how to quiet negative thoughts, stop overthinking, feel less anxious, and develop useful practices to constantly alleviate negative emotions.
62	Adjudicated	Business	The Thank You Economy announces the return of small town courtesy to the world of business, thanks to social media, and shows you why business must not neglect nurturing its one-on-one relationships with customers through the new channels online, to thrive in the modern world.
63	Adjudicated	History	The Snowball is the only authorized biography of Warren Buffett, the “Oracle of Omaha,” legendary value investor and once richest man on earth, detailing his life from the very humble beginnings all the way to his unfathomable success.
64	Adjudicated	Business	Think Like A Rocket Scientist teaches you how to think like an engineer in your everyday life so that you can accomplish your personal and professional goals and reach your full potential.
65	Adjudicated	History	Alexander Hamilton will inspire you to boldly use your strengths to change the world as it tells the story of a poor orphan who grew to become one of the most intelligent, ambitious, and influential people in American history.
66	Adjudicated	Personal Development	U Thrive explores the topic of college life and offers practical advice on how to diminish stress and anxiety from exams, deadlines, unfitting roommates, while thriving in the campus, academic life, and creating meaningful experiences.
67	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Discipline Equals Freedom is a former Navy Seal’s field manual for finding and using the self-control you need to achieve your dreams, combining motivating ideas and mindset advice with practical tips on waking up early, exercising and eating right, and getting your health in order.
68	Adjudicated	History	Buddha’s Brain explains how world-changing thought leaders like Moses, Mohammed, Jesus, Gandhi and the Buddha altered their brains with the power of their minds and how you can use the latest findings of neuroscience to do the same and become a more positive, resilient, mindful and happy person.
69	Adjudicated	Business	The Start-Up of You explains why you need manage your career as if you were running a start-up to get ahead in today’s ultra-competitive and ever-changing business world.
70	Adjudicated	Business	Amazon will help you make your business better by sharing what made Jeff Bezos’s gigantic company so successful at going from its humble beginnings to now dominating the e-commerce market.
71	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Your Brain At Work helps you overcome the daily challenges that take away your brain power, like constant email and interruption madness, high levels of stress, lack of control and high expectations, by showing you what goes on inside your head and giving you new approaches to control it better.
72	Adjudicated	Technology	Digital Renaissance uses empirical data to show that the digitization of media has led to a flood of art, but that its average quality hasn’t changed.
73	Adjudicated	Business	Why “A” Students Work For “C” Students contains Robert Kiyosaki’s lessons on how the global financial crisis is the result of a lack of education and shows parents how to become truly money literate so they can teach their kids to do the same and attain financial freedom.
74	Adjudicated	Other	Bad Feminist will show you a new way of looking at equality by revealing some not so common ideas about race, gender, and feminism in the United States.
75	Adjudicated	Business	Agile Selling helps you become a great salesperson by identifying how successful people thrive in any sales position with the skills of learning and adapting quickly.
76	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Burn the Boats is an inspiring call to go all-in on your dreams, create a point of no return, and let the lack of a Plan B propel you to success, written by a high school dropout turned million-dollar investor.
77	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Who Will Cry When You Die? helps you leave a lasting legacy of greatness after you're gone by giving specific tips on how to become the best version of yourself and the kind that makes others grateful for all of your contributions to their lives and the world.
78	Adjudicated	Business	Unlocking Potential is a guide that will help you as a leader make a difference in people’s lives in the long run by learning how to coach people in a way that brings to light their greatest strengths and capabilities.
79	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Change Your Questions, Change Your Life will revolutionize your thinking with questions that create a learning mindset.
80	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Brandwashed will help you make better buying decisions by identifying the psychological tools that marketers use to turn your own brain against you and make you think that you need to buy their products.
81	Adjudicated	Business	Time And How To Spend It is your guide to becoming more productive by not focusing on working extra hours but instead using the time off more effectively.
82	Adjudicated	Physical Health	Animal, Vegetable, Miracle gives ways to improve your health and the environment by learning how to garden, cook, and eat more fruits and vegetables.
83	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Think Small gives the science-backed secrets to following through with your goals, identifying seven key components that will help you use your own human nature to your advantage for wild success like you've never had before.
84	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Essentialism will show you a new, better way of looking at productivity by giving you permission to be extremely selective about what’s truly essential in your life and then ruthlessly cutting out everything else.
85	Adjudicated	Personal Development	The Wisdom of the Bullfrog breaks down 18 sayings, mottos, and parables used in the military, which helped admiral William H. McRaven throughout his four-decade Navy SEAL career to lead and inspire himself and others.
86	Adjudicated	History	Wintering highlights the similarities between the cold season of the year and the period of hardship in a human life, by emphasizing how everything eventually passes in time, and how we can learn to embrace challenging times by learning from wolves, from the cold, and how our ancestors dealt with the winter.
87	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Are You Fully Charged shows you the three keys to arriving at work and life with a battery that’s brimming with happiness and motivation, which are energy, interactions and meaning, and how to implement them in your day.
88	Adjudicated	History	Fire And Fury is a first-person account of Donald Trump’s presidential campaign in 2016, his unexpected victory, and subsequent first year in the White House as 45th president of the United States.
89	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Unlearn will show you how to win even in changing circumstances by revealing why the patterns you used for past successes won't always work and how to adopt a learning attitude to stop them from holding you back.
90	Adjudicated	Technology	The Sovereign Individual jumps into the future and presents a new world where life moves into the online environment, where the cybereconomy rules and governments are struggling to control the people like they used to, all through a revolution more powerful than anything we've seen before.
91	Adjudicated	Business	The Wisdom Of Finance is a fascinating book that identifies the differences and similarities between the world of money and life experiences like relationships, showing how principles from each of these can benefit each other.
92	Adjudicated	Personal Development	The Third Door follows an 18-year-old’s wild quest of interviewing many of the world’s most successful people to discover what it takes to get to the top.
93	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Think And Grow Rich is a curation of the 13 most common habits of wealthy and successful people, distilled from studying over 500 individuals over the course of 20 years.
94	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Thou Shall Prosper examines the tried and true principles of age-old, Jewish tradition for creating a life of wealth, prosperity and integrity, and combines them with examples from the modern world of business, to help you live a successful life.
95	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Becoming will use Michelle Obama’s life story to motivate you to move forward with your dreams regardless of your circumstances, criticism, or what people think.
96	Adjudicated	History	Chasing The Scream is a scathing review of the failed war on drugs, explaining its history with surprising statistics and identifying new ways that we can think about addiction, recovery, and drug laws.
97	Adjudicated	Physical Health	Body By Science offers a hands-on approach to fitness and what building a healthy, fit, and strong body implies, all while debunking common myths about training practices that served as a benchmark for gym enthusiasts since the rise of the sports industry.
98	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Why We Love delivers a scientific explanation for love, shows you how it developed historically and evolutionarily, tells you what we're all attracted to and where we differ, and of course gives you actionable advice to deal with both the exciting, successful romance in your life, as well as its sometimes inevitable fallout.
99	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Discipline Is Destiny is a three-part manual to master and implement the Stoic virtue of temperance, aka discipline, in your life, thus improving your body, mind, and spirit.
100	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Chasing Excellence breaks down how world-class athletes achieve the mental strength they need to succeed, highlighting the steps required to achieve toughness, build resilience, and always push your limits for a purpose.
101	Adjudicated	Other	Why Does He Do That? reveals the nature of male abusers, ways to identify them early, and how to respond to their threats.
102	Adjudicated	Business	Extraordinary Influence helps you become a better leader by revealing what neuroscience has to say about effective leadership, identifying communication as the key to the highest levels of performance.
103	Adjudicated	Technology	Brave New World presents a futuristic society engineered perfectly around capitalism and scientific efficiency, in which everyone is happy, conform, and content — but only at first glance.
104	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Dear Girls is a collection of letters written by comedian Ali Wong to her two daughters, recounting tales from her youth and life in an attempt to pass on some hard-earned wisdom to them and anyone willing to listen to her story.
105	Adjudicated	Business	Building Social Business will teach you how to change the world for the better by starting a company that does good for mankind, giving you all the answers about how they work and how to begin one of your own.
106	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Counterclockwise is a critical look at current perspectives on health with a particular focus on how we can improve our own when we shift from being mindless to mindful.
107	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Behave sets out to explain the reason behind human behavior, good or bad, by exploring the influences of brain chemistry and our environment.
108	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Discourses is a transcription of Epictetus’s lectures which aim to address a series of life ethics and tales that can help us make sense of certain things happening to us, such as hardship, challenges, and life events that ultimately lead to a stronger character.
109	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Brain Wash will show you how to have a more peaceful, contented life by revealing what’s wrong with all of the bad habits that society accepts as normal, how they affect our brains, and the 10-day program you can follow to fix it.
110	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Bounce shows you that training trumps talent every time, by explaining the science of deliberate practice, the mindset of high performers and how you can use those tools to become a master of whichever skill you choose.
111	Adjudicated	Business	Boss It is a hands-on guide to entrepreneurship and what running business implies, from motivation, to hard work, consistency, great time management and a series of practical skills that are needed to fully succeed in this environment.
112	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Anxiety at Work outlines the importance of having a harmonious working environment due to the constant increase in people’s stress levels from their professional lives, and how managers, direct supervisors, CEOs, and other executive bodies can help reduce it by fostering a healthy environment.
113	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Digital Minimalism shows us where to draw the line with technology, how to properly take time off our digital devices, and why doing so is the key to living a happy, focused life in a noisy world.
114	Adjudicated	Business	Alchemy is your guide to making magic happen in business and life by teaching you how to practice irrational thinking to stand out and come up with powerful solutions to your problems and those of others.
115	Adjudicated	History	A History Of The World In 6 Glasses will give you some great conversation starters at your next party by teaching you the origins and impact of the worlds six favorite drinks, including beer, wine, alcoholic spirits, tea, coffee, and soda.
116	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Toward a Psychology of Being encompasses the extended research of Abraham Maslow on the human condition, how people view their wants and needs, the process of psychological growth and how achieving a sense of fulfillment is possible by understanding your perspective on needs and the way your mind works.
117	Adjudicated	History	Fascism explores the nature behind this far-right authoritarian ideology, how it can rise to power in uncertain times and why it poses a serious threat even in our present days against our most democratic systems such as in the United States or Europe.
118	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Eat That Frog provides 21 techniques and strategies to stop procrastinating and get more done.
119	Adjudicated	Business	Broke Millennial shows those in their twenties and thirties how to manage their finances so that they can stop scraping by and instead begin to live more confidently when it comes to money.
120	Adjudicated	Technology	Alone Together is a book that will make you want to have a better relationship with technology by revealing just how much we rely on it and the ways our connection to it is growing worse and having negative effects on us all.
121	Adjudicated	Other	Brief Answers To The Big Questions tackles some of the universe’s biggest mysteries, as Hawking explores the laws that govern the cosmos and the future of humankind.
122	Adjudicated	Physical Health	An American Sickness will motivate you to see what you can do to help improve the state of healthcare in the United States by blowing open the recent greed, corruption, and selfishness of healthcare companies.
123	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Unfu*k Yourself offers practical advice on how to get out of your self-destructive thoughts and take charge of your life by learning how to control them and motivate yourself to take more responsibility for your life than you ever have before.
124	Adjudicated	Business	Trillion Dollar Coach will help you become a better leader in the office by sharing the life and teachings of businessman Bill Campbell who helped build multi-billion dollar companies in Silicon Valley.
125	Adjudicated	History	Benjamin Franklin: An American Life takes a thorough look at the life of one of the most influential humans that ever lived and explains how he could achieve such greatness in so many different fields and areas.
126	Adjudicated	Technology	Bit Literacy shows you how to navigate innumerable streams of digital information without becoming paralyzed by managing your media with a few simple systems.
127	Adjudicated	Other	Winners Take All helps you see the ultra-rich in a more accurate light by identifying their shady strategies, including using the idea of “making the world a better place” as a front that only serves as a way to solidify their wealth and power.
128	Adjudicated	Business	The Wealthy Gardener is a series of stories told from the perspective of an old, wealthy man, who shares the financial wisdom he’s acquired over many years with the members in his community, showing them how to build wealth step-by-step through short yet meaningful anecdotes.
129	Adjudicated	History	Age Of Ambition explains how China has gone from impoverished and only developing to a world superpower and economic powerhouse in only the last 30 years.
130	Adjudicated	History	A Brief History Of Everyone Who Ever Lived gives you another important perspective on mankind’s past and present through the lens of our genes.
131	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Affluenza asserts that the reason we are so unhappy is because of our obsession with consumption and the sickness that it brings upon ourselves and the world around us as well.
132	Adjudicated	Business	Blitzscaling is the strategy some of today’s most valuable companies have used to achieve huge market shares, insanely fast growth, big profit margins, and become corporate giants in a very short time.
133	Adjudicated	Business	Blue Ocean Shift guides you through the steps to beating out your competition by creating new markets that are not overcrowded.
134	Adjudicated	Business	Theory U helps leaders act based on the future, not the past, and allows them to create organizational change at a global level through creative and agile methodologies.
135	Adjudicated	History	Cosmos will make you smarter by teaching you the basics of how the universe works, including our own solar system and its history.
136	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Finish identifies perfectionism as the biggest enemy of your goals, in order to then help you defeat it with research backed strategies to get things out the door while having fun, taking the pressure off and cutting yourself some slack.
137	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Bird By Bird is Ann Lamott’s guide to using the power of routine, being yourself, rolling with the punches, and many other principles to become a better writer.
138	Adjudicated	History	Astrophysics for People in a Hurry talks about the laws of nature, physics, astronomy, and the mysterious inception of our cosmos, the universe, stars, and implicitly our beautiful planet where life thrives and perpetuates.
139	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Words That Work outlines the importance of using the right words and the appropriate body language in a given situation to make yourself understood properly and get the most out of the dialogue, while also teaching you some tips-and-tricks on how to win arguments, tame conflicts, and get your point across using a wise selection of words.
140	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Work Less Finish More is a hands-on guide to adopting a more focused frame of mind and developing habits that will enhance your productivity levels, give you a sense of accomplishment and put you in the right direction in order to achieve your objectives.
141	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Boundaries explains, with the help of modern psychology and Christian ideals, how to improve your mental health and personal growth by establishing guidelines for self-care that include saying no more often and standing firm in your decisions rather than letting people walk all over you.
142	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Blueprint helps you have hope for the goodness of the human race by revealing our biologically wired social tendencies that help us survive and thrive by working together.
143	Adjudicated	Personal Development	 30 Lessons For Loving gives the relationship advice of hundreds of couples who have stayed together into old age and will teach you how to have happiness and longevity in your love life.
144	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Extreme Ownership contains useful leadership advice from two Navy SEALs who learned to stay strong, disciplined, and level-headed in high-stakes combat scenarios.
145	Adjudicated	Technology	Without Their Permission is Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian’s plea to you to start something, as he lays out how anyone can use the internet to shape the future of the 21st century without having to get a yes from somebody else first.
146	Adjudicated	Business	Unshakeable distills the essence of world class investors down into four core principles you should follow while investing, giving you simple rules and actionable steps to follow to make sure your finances flourish.
147	Adjudicated	Business	Business Adventures will teach you how to run a company, invest in the stock market, change jobs, and many other things by sharing some of the most interesting experiences that big companies and their leaders have had over the last century.
148	Adjudicated	Business	Zero To One is an inside look at Peter Thiel’s philosophy and strategy for making your startup a success by looking at the lessons he learned from founding and selling PayPal, investing in Facebook and becoming a billionaire in the process.
149	Adjudicated	Personal Development	A First-Rate Madness shares the stories of many world leaders and explains how they prevailed despite their mental illnesses and struggles, showing you how to turn your psychological disadvantages into leadership strengths.
150	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Factfulness explains how our worldview has been distorted with the rise of new media, which ten human instincts cause erroneous thinking, and how we can learn to separate fact from fiction when forming our opinions.
151	Adjudicated	Technology	21 Lessons For The 21st Century highlights today’s most pressing political, cultural, and economic challenges created by technology while helping us prepare for an uncertain future.
152	Adjudicated	History	Elon Musk is the first official biography of the creator of SolarCity, SpaceX and Tesla, based on over 30 hours of conversations with Musk himself, highlighting his complicated childhood, the way he makes decisions and navigates the world, and how he managed to disrupt multiple industries, all with the goal of saving humanity.
152	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Be Obsessed Or Be Average motivates you to get your heart into your work and live up to your true potential by identifying the thinking patterns and work habits of the passionate, successful, and driven Grant Cardone.
154	Adjudicated	Personal Development	When Bad Things Happen To Good People explains why even the best of people sometimes suffer from adversity, and how we can turn our pain into something meaningful instead of lamenting it.
155	Adjudicated	Technology	AI 2041 explores the concept of artificial intelligence and delves into some thought-provoking ideas about AI taking over the world in the next twenty years, from our day-to-day lives to our jobs, becoming a worldwide used tool that will shake the world as we know it from the ground up.
156	Adjudicated	Business	23 Things They Don't Tell You About Capitalism will help you think more clearly about our current economic state by uncovering the hidden consequences of free-market capitalism and offering solutions that could give us all a more fair world
157	Adjudicated	Personal Development	The Upside Of Irrationality shows you the many ways in which you act irrational, while thinking what you're doing makes perfect sense, and how this irrational behavior can actually be beneficial, as long as you use it the right way.
158	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Your Best Just Got Better shows you how to tackle productivity and performance with the best techniques to help you work smarter, get more done and stay inspired.
159	Adjudicated	Personal Development	What Is Life? compresses a series of lectures given by the notorious physicist Erwin Schrödinger, and is a compelling research on how science, especially biology, chemistry and physics account for the ongoing process that the human body undertakes to simply exist and live.
160	Adjudicated	History	Will is world-famous actor and musician Will Smith’s autobiography, outlining his life’s story all the way from his humble beginnings in West Philadelphia to achieving fame as a musician and then global stardom as an actor and, ultimately, one of the most influential people of our time.
161	Adjudicated	Personal Development	The Undoing Project talks about the life and extensive research in the psychology of Kahneman and Tversky by bringing forth some of the most influential and groundbreaking discoveries they unveiled about human behavior and the biases in our decisions.
162	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Altered Traits explores the science behind meditation techniques and the way they benefit and alter our mind and body.
163	Adjudicated	Business	Do Over shines a light on the four core skills you need to build an amazing career: relationships, skills, character and hustle, and shows you how to develop each one of them and use them in different stages of your career.
164	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Everything Is Figureoutable will help you annihilate the limiting beliefs that are holding you back so that you can finally pursue your dreams by identifying the thinking patterns that get you stuck and how to use self-empowerment principles to become free.
165	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Big Potential will show you that the real secret to success and thriving in all aspects of life is developing strong connections with others and treating them in a way that lifts them up.
166	Adjudicated	Personal Development	An Invisible Thread will help you feel more motivated to be kind to others by sharing the heartwarming story of the incredible friendship between a boy afflicted with poverty and a successful businesswoman.
167	Adjudicated	Physical Health	Born To Run explains the natural benefits of long-distance running, and how you can become a better runner too, based on several years of research, experiences, and training.
168	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Thoughts Without A Thinker helps you get more peace, overcome mental illness, and ease suffering by outlining the principles of Buddhism, mindfulness, and meditation as they relate to psychoanalysis.
169	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Be Useful is an autobiographical collection of 7 rules that helped fitness legend, Hollywood icon, and former California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger live life to the fullest, ready to keep you inspired and taking action until your dreams come true.
170	Adjudicated	Business	To Sell Is Human shows you that selling is part of your life, no matter what you do, and what a successful salesperson looks like in the 21st century, with practical ideas to help you convince others in a more honest, natural and sustainable way.
171	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Doesn't Hurt To Ask teaches persuasion via asking the right questions, explaining that intentional questions are the key to sharing your ideas, connecting with your audience, and convincing people both in the office and at home.
172	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Tribe of Mentors is a collection of over 100 mini-interviews, where some of the world’s most successful people share their ideas around habits, learning, money, relationships, failure, success, and life.
173	Adjudicated	Personal Development	A Guide To The Good Life is a roadmap for aspiring Stoics, revealing why this ancient philosophy is useful today, what Stoicism is truly about, and showing you how to cultivate its powerful principles in your own life.
174	Adjudicated	Business	Tools Of Titans is a massive compendium of everything Tim Ferriss has learned about health, wealth and wisdom from interviewing over 200 world-class performers on his podcast, The Tim Ferriss show.
175	Adjudicated	History	Catch Me If You Can is the story of how Frank Abagnale, one of the most famous con-artists in history, faked over eight identities, several professions, and cashed over $2.5 million of forged checks in the 1960s, until the police finally caught him at age 21.
176	Adjudicated	Business	A Random Walk Down Wall Street explores how the individual investor can make money in the stock market by following a simple path that is guaranteed to bring success, if the investor has patience and gets accustomed to a series of concepts about stocks and what analyzing them consists of.
177	Adjudicated	Personal Development	The Varieties Of Religious Experience will show you that spirituality isn't limited to church and that you too can benefit from trying a variety of religious practices, even if you identify with no religion in particular.
178	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Antifragile reveals how some systems thrive from shocks, volatility and uncertainty, instead of breaking from them, and how you can adapt more antifragile traits yourself to thrive in an uncertain and chaotic world.
179	Adjudicated	Business	Ask shows you a method that helps you take the guesswork out of the equation so you can give your customers what they want even if they Don't know what they want.
180	Adjudicated	Personal Development	What Happened to You? is an analysis of how traumatic experiences affect our brains throughout our lives, showing how they change our coping mechanisms, and why we must consider both the individual and collective side of mental health if we are to resolve our emotional challenges not just for ourselves but for society at large.
181	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Do What Matters Most outlines the importance of time management in anyone’s life and explores highly efficient methods to set goals for short-term and long-term intervals, as well as how to achieve them by being more productive and learning how to prioritize.
182	Adjudicated	Other	Creative Schools reveals how fundamentally broken our formal education system really is and how we can change our perspective to teach children the competencies and things they actually need to navigate the modern world.
183	Adjudicated	Business	A Year With Peter Drucker compiles 52 lessons with weekly exercises into one comprehensive, year-long curriculum for managers, leaders, and those who aspire to be one or the other, based on the teachings of the father of modern management.
184	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Building a Second Brain is a simple, complete guide to setting up and using a personal knowledge management system that seamlessly plugs into your everyday life with a 4-step framework that works with any note-taking app.
185	Adjudicated	History	This Is Your Brain On Music explains where music historically comes from, what it triggers in our brain, how we develop our tastes and why it’s a crucial part of our lives, along with what makes great musicians great.
186	Adjudicated	Physical Health	Fast Food Nation describes how the fast food industry has reduced the overall food quality worldwide, created poor working conditions for millions of people and ruined public health.
187	Adjudicated	Other	What Every Body Is Saying is an ex-FBI agents guide to reading non-verbal cues, which will help you spot others’ true intentions and feelings, even when their mouths are saying something different.
188	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Educated will help you become more grateful for your schooling, freedom, and normal relationships by explaining the family difficulties that Tara Westover had to break free of so that she could get her own education.
189	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Deep Work proposes that we have lost our ability to focus deeply and immerse ourselves in a complex task, showing you how to cultivate this skill again and focus more than ever before with four simple rules.
190	Adjudicated	Business	Brain Rules teaches you how to become more productive at work and life by giving proven facts about how your mind works better with good sleep, exercise, and learning with all the senses.
191	Adjudicated	Business	Bold shows you that exponential technology has democratized the power to change the world and build wealth, by putting it into everyone’s hands and explains which trends entrepreneurs will most benefit from in the future, how to capitalize on them and which challenges are really bold enough to impact us all.
192	Adjudicated	Personal Development	All About Love teaches you how to get more affection and connection in your relationships by explaining why true love is so difficult these days and how to combat the unrealistic expectations society has set up that makes it so hard.
193	Adjudicated	Physical Health	Come As You Are is an explanation of the truth about female sexuality, including the hidden science of what turns women on, why it works, how to utilize this knowledge to improve your sex life, and why sexual myths make you feel inadequate in bed.
194	Adjudicated	Other	2030 uses the current trajectory of the world, based on sociological, demographic, and technological trends, to outline the changes we can expect to happen in our lives by the beginning of the next decade.
195	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Daring Greatly is a book about having the courage to be vulnerable in a world where everyone wants to appear strong, confident and like they know what they're doing.
196	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Under Pressure uncovers the hidden anxieties and stresses that school-aged girls experience and what parents, educators, and all of us can do to help them break through it and succeed.
197	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Born A Crime will inspire you to make great things happen no matter what circumstances you're born into by revealing the story of how Trevor Noah grew up as a mixed child in South Africa on the way to becoming an adult.
198	Adjudicated	Personal Development	The Success Principles condenses 64 lessons Jack Canfield learned on his journey to becoming a successful entrepreneur, author, coach and speaker into 6 sections, which will help you transform your mindset and take responsibility and control of your own life, so you can get from where you are to where you want to be.
199	Adjudicated	History	Einstein: His Life and Universe takes a close look at the life of Albert Einstein, beginning in how his childhood shaped him, what his biggest discoveries and personal struggles were and how his focus changed in later years, without his genius ever fading until his very last moment.
200	Adjudicated	Business	Built To Last examines what lies behind the extraordinary success of 18 visionary companies and which principles and ideas they’ve used to thrive for a century.
201	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Ego Friendly brings a twist to the mainstream spiritual narrative by showing you how to befriend your ego and treat it as your ally, instead of “letting go of it.”
202	Adjudicated	Physical Health	The Telomere Effect shows you how to live healthier and stay younger longer by identifying an important part of your physiology that you might have never heard of and teaching you how to take great care of it.
203	Adjudicated	Personal Development	The Untethered Soul describes how you can untie your self from your ego, harness your inner energy, expand beyond yourself and float through the river of life instead of blocking or fighting it.
204	Adjudicated	History	Bad Blood is the story of how Elizabeth Holmes promised the world a medical miracle that actually operated on deception and lies.
205	Adjudicated	Other	What’s Our Problem? explains what’s going on in our modern times, why everyone seems to be acting crazy, and how societies function, fall, and thrive, using plenty of original frameworks to give us new, better ways of thinking and communicating in our complicated world.
206	Adjudicated	Business	Woke, Inc. taps into the dark secrets of the woke culture in corporate America, which organizations generate tremendous amounts of profit by hiding behind causes like social justice, gender equality, climate change, and many other popular matters.
207	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Why We Can't Sleep will help women in Generation X feel better about the challenges they face by examining the reasons why they are going through midlife crises due to poor market conditions, caring for children and elderly parents simultaneously, and facing massive amounts of discrimination.
208	Adjudicated	History	Dark Towers dives into the dirty inner workings and the rise and fall of Deutsche Bank, which contributed to many notable but not always beneficial events of the past 150 years, including the American railroad system, the Nazi regime, funding Russian oligarchs, and even the election of Donald Trump.
209	Adjudicated	Business	Expert Secrets teaches you how to create and implement an informative marketing plan and putting it into practice, while also showing you what problem you must solve for your prospects or teach them how to do it themselves.
210	Adjudicated	Physical Health	The Unexpected Joy Of Being Sober will help you have a happier and healthier life by persuasively revealing the many disadvantages of alcohol and the benefits of going without it permanently.
211	Adjudicated	Personal Development	What Got You Here won't Get You There helps you overcome your personality traits and behaviors that stop you from achieving even more success. 
212	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Year of Yes details famous TV-show creator Shonda Rhimes’s change from introversion to socialite by saying “Yes” to anything for a full year and how she was finally able to face her fears and start loving herself.
213	Adjudicated	Other	A Crack In Creation will teach you all about the power of gene editing that is made possible with CRISPR by detailing how it works, the benefits and opportunities it opens up, and the ethical risks of using it on humans.
214	Adjudicated	Business	Alibaba’s World is an inside look at one of the world’s largest e-commerce companies from one of its first Western employees, who served as its vice president and head of international marketing for several years, showing how this company turned from startup to global player in just 15 years.
215	Adjudicated	Personal Development	White Fragility will help you take steps toward becoming a kinder and more fair person by helping you understand why it’s so difficult for white people, especially in America, to talk about racism.
216	Adjudicated	Business	Confessions Of An Advertising Man is the marketing bible of the 60s, written by “the father of advertising,” David Ogilvy to inspire a philosophy of honesty, hard work and ethical behavior in his industry.
217	Adjudicated	History	The Story of Philosophy profiles the lives of great Western philosophers, such as Plato, Socrates, and Nietzsche, exploring their views on politics, religion, morality, the meaning of life, and plenty of other important concepts.
218	Adjudicated	Business	Chaos Monkeys is a fun behind-the-scenes look that lifts the veil on some of the weird, mysterious and sometimes questionable practices going on behind closed doors of mega startups in Silicon Valley.
219	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Weird Parenting Wins will make you better at raising your kids by sharing some strange ways that fathers and mothers have had success with their children, helping you see that your intuition might just be the greatest tool you have at your disposal.
220	Adjudicated	Business	EntreLeadership provides you with a path to becoming a great leader in your company by identifying the necessary management and entrepreneurial skills.
221	Adjudicated	Business	Work The System will fundamentally change the way you view the world, by showing you the systems all around you and giving you the guiding principles to influence the right ones to make your business successful.
222	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Letting Go of Nothing offers a simple, two-step practice for making peace with any situation and thus finding inner calm and happiness, explaining mindfulness in a way that is relatable, concise, and unpretentious.
223	Adjudicated	Physical Health	Ending Aging describes how the process of aging is like a disease and therefore, treatable, by outlining the seven primary ways in which we age and possible antidotes to all of them, plus a glimpse into the future of potentially indefinite human life.
224	Adjudicated	Personal Development	The World Until Yesterday identifies some of the most valuable lessons we can learn from societies of the past like hunter-gatherers, including how to resolve conflicts better, more effective ways to raise children, how to stay healthier for longer, and much more.
225	Adjudicated	Personal Development	 A Beginner’s Guide To The End is your guide to using the principles of stillness, cleaning, and grief to prepare for your own or a loved one’s death.
226	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Designing Your Life will show you how to break the shackles of your mundane 9-5 job by sharing exercises and tips that will direct you towards your true calling that fills you with passion, purpose, and fulfillment.
227	Adjudicated	History	The Sunflower recounts an experience of holocaust survivor Simon Wiesenthal, in which he had to make a tough choice about whether to forgive or not, and explores over 50 different perspectives on forgiveness from people with various religious, cultural and ethnic backgrounds.
228	Adjudicated	Business	The Speed Of Trust not only explains the economics of trust, but also shows you how to cultivate great trust in yourself, your relationships, and the three kinds of stakeholders You'll deal with when you're running a company.
229	Adjudicated	Business	60 Seconds & you're Hired! is a guide to getting your dream job that will help you feel confident in your next interview by teaching you how to impress your interviewer with being concise, focusing on your strengths, and knowing what to do at every step of the process.
230	Adjudicated	Business	Content, Inc. describes a six-step model you can use to do your marketing long before you need it, without even having a product, or spending a lot of money, so your entrepreneurial venture will be a guaranteed success.
231	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Collaborative Intelligence helps you enhance your unique thinking traits and develop an individualized form of intelligence based on what works best for you, what your strengths are, and how you communicate with others.
232	Adjudicated	Personal Development	A More Beautiful Question will teach you how to ask more and better questions, showing you the power that the right questions have to transform your life for the better.
233	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Battle Hymn Of The Tiger Mother opens your eyes to the potential benefits of tough love by sharing the traditionally Chinese parenting style and experiences of Amy Chua.
234	Adjudicated	History	The Tao of Physics questions many biases about Western science and Eastern spirituality, showing the close connections between the principles of physics and those of Buddhism, Hinduism, and Taoism.
235	Adjudicated	Business	Alibaba shares the inspiring story of Jack Ma’s hard work, entrepreneurial vision, and smart thinking that helped him build one of the most successful and influential companies in the world.
236	Adjudicated	Personal Development	What I Know For Sure encourages you to create the life you want by pursuing excellence, practicing gratitude, and leveraging bad experiences to become stronger.
237	Adjudicated	Business	Building A StoryBrand is your guide to turning your sales pages and product into an adventure for your clients by identifying the seven steps to successful storytelling as a company and how to craft the clearest message possible so that they will understand and want to be part of it.
238	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Trying Not To Try explores ancient, Chinese philosophy to break down the art of being spontaneous, which will help you unite your mind and body, reach a state of flow, and breeze through life like a leaf in a river.
239	Adjudicated	Personal Development	 A General Theory Of Love will help you reprogram your mind for better emotional intelligence and relationships by teaching you what three psychiatrists have to say about the science of why we experience love and other emotions.
240	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Find Your Why is an actionable guide to discover your mission in life, figure out how you can live it on a daily basis and share it with the world.
241	Adjudicated	Personal Development	This Is Your Mind On Plants is an analysis of three conscious-altering substances — opium, caffeine and mescaline — which humans have been using for thousands of years, as well as how their effects have shaped our bodies, culture, and history, showing that, beyond arguing about their legalities, we must understand their potential to help us connect with both nature and ourselves in new ways.
242	Adjudicated	History	What Happened is Hillary Clinton’s post-mortem on the events and surprising result of her bid for the 2016 United States presidential election, including why she ran for president in the first place, what made it so hard for her to come out on top, and how the loss affected her after election night.
243	Adjudicated	Business	Duct Tape Marketing introduces small businesses to the nuts and bolts of marketing in the 21st century by taking them all the way from character profiles and strategy through specific marketing tactics to building a great referral system.
244	Adjudicated	History	Behind The Cloud tells the story of Salesforce.com, one of the biggest and earliest cloud computing, software-as-a-service companies in the world and how it went from small startup to billion-dollar status.
245	Adjudicated	Business	Evicted reveals the awful situation of those living in the poorest cities in the United States by identifying how this situation came to be, the horrendous effect it has on the individuals and families that deal with it, and what we might do to stop it.
246	Adjudicated	Business	Adaptive Markets gives you a better understanding of how the movement of money in the world works by outlining the characteristics of the market, some of which are more like living creatures than you might think.
247	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Brave will help you have the relationships, career, and everything else in life that you've always wanted but have been afraid to go for by teaching you how to become more courageous.
248	Adjudicated	Business	When To Rob A Bank is a collection of the best of the Freakonomics authors’ blog posts from over 10 years of blogging about economics in all areas of our life.
249	Adjudicated	Other	Boys & Sex shares the best insights that Peggy Orenstein had after two years of asking young men about their sex lives, including why stereotypes make life harder for them, how hookup culture is destroying relationships, and what we as a society can do to help these boys have better, healthier views about and experiences with sex.
250	Adjudicated	Other	Excellent Sheep describes how fundamentally broken elite education is, why it makes students feel depressed and lost, how educational institutions have been alienated from their true purpose, what students really must learn in college and how we can go back to making college a place for self-discovery and critical thinking.
251	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Waking Up is a guide to mindfulness, spirituality, meditation, and understanding religion, analyzing these topics from a neutral point of view to create a bridge between atheists and believers, all while explaining a series of core aspects regarding spirituality and how the mind works.
252	Adjudicated	Business	Arise, Awake will inspire you to move forward with your entrepreneurial dreams by sharing the inspirational stories of six Indian entrepreneurs and the lessons they learned on the path to success.
253	Adjudicated	Other	What The Eyes Don't See tells the shocking and unfortunate story of the public drinking water crisis in Flint, Michigan and how one woman stood up against government corruption and racism to make a positive difference for the city.
254	Adjudicated	Business	The Year Without Pants dives into the company culture of Automattic, the company behind Wordpress.com and explains how they’ve created a culture of work where employees thrive, creativity flows freely and new ideas are implemented on a daily basis.
255	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Winners: And How They Succeed draws on years of research and extensive interviews with a wide array of successful people to deliver a blueprint for what it takes to win in life based on strategy, leadership and team-building.
256	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Don't Sweat The Small Stuff (… And It’s All Small Stuff) will keep you from letting the little, stressful things in life, like your email inbox, rushing to trains, and annoying co-workers drive you insane and help you find peace and calm in a stressful world.
257	Adjudicated	Physical Health	Breath is a fascinating and helpful guide to understanding the science of breathing, including how doing it slowly and through your nose is best for your lungs and body, and the many proven mental and physical benefits of being more mindful of how you inhale and exhale.
258	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Who Moved My Cheese tells a parable, which you can directly apply to your own life, in order to stop fearing what lies ahead and instead thrive in an environment of change and uncertainty.
259	Adjudicated	Business	The Worldly Philosophers is your hands-on guide to economics, how the world works overall but especially from a financial point of view, what are the social and economic systems that existed throughout history, and how certain people’s concepts got to shape the world we know today.
260	Adjudicated	History	Alexander The Great is one of the latest, most updated, and contemporary books on the life of the ancient, Macedonian king, who would extend his empire from a little slide of land in Greece through Persia, Egypt, all the way to India, forming the greatest empire the ancient world had ever seen.
261	Adjudicated	Physical Health	When: The Scientific Secrets of Perfect Timing breaks down the science of time so you can stop guessing when to do things and pick the best times to work, eat, sleep, have your coffee and even quit your job.
262	Adjudicated	Personal Development	A Curious Mind is an homage to the power of asking questions, showing you how being curious can change your entire life, from the way you do business, to how you interact with your loved ones, or even shape your country.
263	Adjudicated	History	The Third Wave lays out the history of the internet and how it’s about to permeate everything in our lives, as well as what it takes for entrepreneurs to make use of this mega-trend and thrive in an omni-connected, always-online world.
264	Adjudicated	Physical Health	Eat To Beat Disease will help you be healthier and fight off infection by identifying how food affects your immune system and what to put into your body that will make you more resilient against illness.
265	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Braving The Wilderness offers a four-step process to find true belonging through authenticity, bravery, trust, and vulnerability since it’s mostly about learning to stand alone rather than trying to fit in.
266	Adjudicated	Business	Traction is a roadmap for startups to achieve the exponential growth necessary to survive the first few months and years by looking at 19 ways to get traction and a framework to help you pick the best one for your startup.
267	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Against Empathy explains the problems with society’s obsession with empathy and explores its limitations while giving us useful alternatives for situations in which it Doesn't work.
268	Adjudicated	History	A Beautiful Mind tells the fascinating story of the mathematical genius, mental illness, and miraculous recovery and success of John Nash Jr.
269	Adjudicated	Business	Trust Me, I’m Lying is a marketer’s take on how influential blogs have become, why that’s something to worry about, and which broken dynamics govern the internet today, including his own confessions of how he gamed that very system to successfully generate press for his clients.
270	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Attached delivers a scientific explanation why some relationships thrive and steer a clear path over a lifetime, while others crash and burn, based on the human need for attachment and the three different styles of it.
271	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Willpower is a blend of practical tips and the latest scientific research on self-control, explaining how willpower works, what you can do to improve it, how to optimize it and which steps to take when it fails you.
272	Adjudicated	History	A Vindication Of The Rights Of Woman will help you make the world a more fair place by teaching some of the gender inequalities of the eighteenth century.
273	Adjudicated	Other	A New Earth outlines a crazy and destructive place we call home, but not without showing us that we can all save it together, by looking into our minds and detaching ourselves from our ego, so we can practice acceptance and enjoyment.
274	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Thinking Fast and Slow shows you how two systems in your brain are constantly fighting over control of your behavior and actions, and teaches you the many ways in which this leads to errors in memory, judgment and decisions, and what you can do about it.
275	Adjudicated	Business	Dotcom Secrets is a hands-on guide to digital marketing and growing online businesses by harnessing the power of the internet and the new face of marketing through sales funnels and many other digital products well-explained by Russell Brunson, the multimillionaire who founded ClickFunnels.
276	Adjudicated	History	A Short History Of Nearly Everything explains everything we've learned about our world and the universe so far, including how they formed, how we learned to make sense of time, space and gravity, why it’s such a miracle that we're alive and how much of our planet is still a complete mystery to us.
277	Adjudicated	Physical Health	Eat Better, Feel Better is a go-to guide for combating modern dietary problems and adopting a healthier lifestyle.
278	Adjudicated	Business	Becoming The Boss shows leaders of all kinds, whether new or experienced, how to identify the pitfalls that stand in the way of influencing others for the better and overcome them.
279	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Unlimited Power is a self-help classic, which breaks down how Tony Robbins has helped top performers achieve at their highest level and how you can use the same mental and physical tactics to accomplish your biggest goals in life.
280	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Carrots And Sticks explains how you can harness the power of incentives – carrots and sticks – to change your bad behaviors, improve your self-control and reach your long-term goals.
281	Adjudicated	Personal Development	59 Seconds shows you several self-improvement hacks, grounded in the science of psychology, which you can use to improve your mindset, happiness and life in less than a minute.
282	Adjudicated	Physical Health	Built to Move is a collection of 10 simple tests and practices you can use to instantly improve your mobility, fitness, breathing, eating, and sleeping, thereby increasing your freedom and quality of life all around.
283	Adjudicated	Other	Comfortably Unaware is a well-researched compendium on how our food choices and animal agriculture impact the well-being of the whole planet.
284	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Everything I Know ditches all the rules and gives you a guide to living a fulfilled and adventurous life that can be infinitely updated, stretched, expanded and customized, based on who you are, instead of another “do-this-to-get-rich-fast” scheme that Doesn't work for everyone.
285	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Tiny Habits shows you the power of applying small changes to your routine to unleash the full power that habits have to make your life better.
286	Adjudicated	Other	Empty Planet explains why overpopulation alarmists are wrong and how depopulation poses the more imminent threat to the happiness of humanity.
287	Adjudicated	History	A Higher Loyalty shares James Comey’s experiences as the director of the FBI and outlines what he learned about leadership, ethics, and politics throughout his life, career, and experiences with President Trump who was the reason he lost his job in May of 2017.
288	Adjudicated	Personal Development	21 Days To A Big Idea shows you how to combine the creative and rational sides of your brain to come up with cool, new ideas and fun ways to implement them, which might even help you create a sustainable business in the long run, in as little as 21 days.
289	Adjudicated	Business	Charlie Munger teaches you the investment approach and ideas about life from Warren Buffett’s business partner and billionaire Charlie Munger, which the two have used for decades to run one of the most successful companies in the world.
290	Adjudicated	Personal Development	The Yes Brain offers parenting techniques that will give your kids an open attitude towards life, balance, resilience, insight, and empathy.
291	Adjudicated	Business	Dollars And Sense explains why it’s so hard to manage money and teaches you how to combat false cues and natural desires so you can manage your dollars in better ways.
292	Adjudicated	History	At Home takes you on a tour of the modern home, using each room as occasion to reminisce about the history of its tradition, thus enlightening you with how the amenities and comforts of everyday life you now take for granted have come to be.
293	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Why We Sleep will motivate you get more and better quality sleep by showing you the recent scientific findings on why sleep deprivation is bad for individuals and society.
294	Adjudicated	Personal Development	What to Say When You Talk to Yourself is a book by Shad Helmstetter, a self-help guru who has written several pieces on the subject of self-talk, and who argues that in order to achieve our highest self we need to work on how we talk to ourselves and identify our biggest challenge to conquer.
295	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Courage Is Calling analyzes the actions taken in difficult situations by some of history’s leading figures, thus drawing conclusions about what makes someone courageous and showing you how to become a braver person day-by-day, step-by-step.
296	Adjudicated	History	Amusing Ourselves To Death takes you through the history of media to highlight how entertainment’s standing in society has risen to the point where our addiction to it undermines our independent thinking.
297	Adjudicated	Business	Barbarians At The Gate shows you how not to run a business and reveals the shocking greed of corporate America in the 1980s by telling the story of the leveraged buyout of RJR Nabisco.
298	Adjudicated	History	A Universe From Nothing will enlarge your knowledge of our expanding universe by showing you how it began, what we're learning about it now, and what will happen to it in the future.
299	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Emotional Agility provides a new, science-backed approach to navigating life’s many trials and detours on your path to fulfillment, with which You'll face your emotions head on, observe them objectively, make choices based on your values and slowly tweak your mindset, motivation and habits.
300	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Automate Your Busy Work is a step-by-step guide to getting rid of your most dreaded tasks, fueled by the simple but sophisticated “Automation Flywheel,” which will help you reduce stress, get more done, and find time for your most meaningful work.
301	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Brotopia motivates you to be fairer in the workplace as an employee or employer by revealing the sad sexist state of Silicon Valley.
302	Adjudicated	History	Delivering Happiness explains how mega online shoe retailer Zappos built a unique company culture and customer experience worth remembering, which turned it into a billion dollar business.
303	Adjudicated	Personal Development	The Upside Of Your Dark Side takes a look at our darkest emotions, like anxiety or anger, and shows you there are real benefits that follow them and their underlying character traits, such as narcissism or psychopathy.
304	Adjudicated	History	Elon Musk is an intimate account of the life of the man who might be the 21st century’s most important innovator, engineer, and businessman, based on over two years of shadowing him through the ups and downs of his everyday life running Tesla, SpaceX, and four other world-changing companies.
305	Adjudicated	Business	First, Break All The Rules claims that everything you think you know about managing people is wrong, revealing how you can challenge the status quo so that both you and those you lead will achieve their full potential.
306	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Feel-Good Productivity offers a well-structured toolkit for crafting your own, joy-based, sustainable philosophy for work and life, rooted in 3 pillars and up to 54 science-backed experiments.
307	Adjudicated	Business	Disney U outlines the principles that create the customer-centric philosophy of Disney and contribute to the company’s massive success, while also highlighting some aspects of their organizational culture, such as caring for their staff and providing high-quality training.
308	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Bittersweet explains where emotions like sorrow, longing, and sadness come from and what their purpose in our lives is, as well as helping us deal with grief, loss, and our own mortality.
309	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Your Best Year Ever gives powerful inspiration to change your life by helping you identify what you should improve on, how to get over the hurdles in your way, and the patterns and habits you need to set so that achieving your dreams is more possible than ever.
310	Adjudicated	Other	The World Without Us imagines planet earth without us humans, detailing what will happen to nature and man-made creations long after we're gone.
311	Adjudicated	History	Wonderland shows you that much of societal and technological progress actually originates from people playing and just following their curiosity, as it takes you on a tour of history’s greatest dabblers and how they helped build the future.
312	Adjudicated	History	Enlightenment Now describes how the values of the Enlightenment, science, reason, humanism, and progress, keep improving our world until today, making it a better place day by day, despite the negative news.
313	Adjudicated	Personal Development	A Force For Good is a universal call to turn our compassion outward and use it to improve ourselves and the world around us in science, religion, social issues, business and education.
314	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Uncertainty shows you that the condition of not knowing is nothing to fear, but the birthplace of innovation, which, if you embrace it while anchoring yourself, has an unlimited potential for growth, wealth and happiness.
315	Adjudicated	Other	Empire Of Illusion motivates you to watch less TV and get better at reading by outlining the sharp drop in literacy levels in the United States in recent years, the negative effects that have followed, and the dark future ahead if we continue on this path.
316	Adjudicated	Technology	Dataclysm gives powerful motivation for being more honest online by using information collected from the internet to identify what all of us are really like under the veil of anonymity and how we as a society have changed recently.
317	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Adapt proposes a surprising approach to accepting failure as a part of the innovation process.
318	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Words Can Change Your Brain is the ultimate guide to becoming an expert communicator, teaching you how to use psychology to your advantage to express yourself better, listen more, and create an environment of trust with anyone you speak with.
319	Adjudicated	Business	7 Strategies For Wealth And Happiness is the ultimate guide to improving your wealth through self-discipline, action, and a positive attitude toward work, money, and the people around you.
320	Adjudicated	Business	Design Your Future motivates you to get out of your limiting beliefs and fears that are holding you back from building a life you love by identifying why you got stuck in a career or job you hate and what steps you must take to finally live your dreams.
321	Adjudicated	Business	Everyday Millionaires proves how anyone can become a millionaire if they have a solid actionable plan and the willingness to work hard by drawing conclusions from the largest study ever conducted on the lives of millionaires.
322	Adjudicated	History	Through The Language Glass explains how the language you speak fundamentally alters your reality and how nature, culture and language have all been intertwined all throughout history.
323	Adjudicated	Business	The Ultimate Sales Machine is the legacy Chet Holmes left to help sales staff all over the world, by giving them 12 key strategies to relentlessly focus and execute on, in order to at least double their sales.
324	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Be Fearless shows that radical changes are more effective than small enhancements and urges us to be bold in trying to make progress.
325	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Blink explains what happens when you listen to your gut feeling, why these snap judgments are often much more efficient than conscious deliberating, and how to avoid your intuition leading you to wrong assumptions.
326	Adjudicated	Personal Development	The Year of Magical Thinking talks about the process of grief, loss, and how trauma can affect a healthy mind and soul by leaving it empty of joy, all by delving into the life of Joan Didion who learned to overcome these feelings after her husband died and her daughter fell ill.
327	Adjudicated	Personal Development	The Social Leap will help you understand human nature better by explaining the most significant event in our species’ evolutionary history and looking at how we adapted socially, emotionally, and psychologically to survive.
328	Adjudicated	Personal Development	The Willpower Instinct breaks down willpower into 3 categories, and gives you science-backed systems to improve your self-control, break bad habits and choose long-term goals over instant gratification.
329	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Think Again teaches us the power of being humble about what we Don't know, how to recognize blind spots in our thinking, and how to more effectively enlist people for our cause, thus bolstering our intelligence, persuasiveness, and self-awareness.
330	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Daily Rituals is a compilation of the best practices and habits of successful people from different fields aimed to help anyone increase productivity, get past writer’s block, and become more creative and efficient in their everyday work.
331	Adjudicated	History	Billion Dollar Whale tells the incredible story of Jho Low, a Malaysian man who committed one of the biggest heists of the century by defrauding a national investment fund.
332	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Atlas of the Heart maps out a series of human emotions and their meaning and explores the psychology behind a human’s feelings and how they make up our lives and change our behaviors, and how to build meaningful connections by learning how to deal with them.
333	Adjudicated	History	Drive explores what has motivated humans throughout history and explains how we shifted from mere survival to the carrot and stick approach that’s still practiced today – and why it’s outdated.
334	Adjudicated	Personal Development	The Why Café is a book about how to find your purpose and live the life you have imagined, based on a fictional encounter in a simple yet magical cafe.
335	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Buyology shows you how to spend less money by revealing the psychological traps that companies use to hack your brain and get you to purchase their products without you even realizing they're doing it.
336	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Atomic Habits is the definitive guide to breaking bad behaviors and adopting good ones in four steps, showing you how small, incremental, everyday routines compound into massive, positive change over time.
337	Adjudicated	Business	Escape Velocity offers a hierarchy of five powers that determine any business’s ability to achieve large-scale, long-term success, including its chosen industry, position with competitors and customers, product portfolio, and inner efficiency, making useful suggestions on optimizing these factors in order to stay relevant for decades to come.
338	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Everyday Zen explains the philosophy of a meaningful life and teaches you how to reinvent yourself by accepting the grand wisdom and energy of the universe and learning to sit still, have more compassion, love more, and find beauty in your life.
339	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Anatomy Of An Epidemic teaches you how to make better decisions about your mental health as it uncovers the questionable origin of medication and reveals the interesting connection between psychiatry and pharmaceutical companies.
340	Adjudicated	Business	What Color Is Your Parachute is a classic for job seekers, equipping you with the tools, tips and strategies you need to quickly find the right gig in today’s fast-moving market.
341	Adjudicated	Technology	Thrivers explores the perspective of a child born in today’s fast-paced, digital era and how the average minor is being educated towards higher-than-usual achievements, being mature, responsible and successful, instead of being happy and focused on their own definition of success.
342	Adjudicated	Personal Development	12 Rules For Life is a story-based, stern yet entertaining self-help manual for young people laying out a set of simple rules to help us become more disciplined, behave better, act with integrity, and balance our lives while enjoying them as much as we can.
343	Adjudicated	Business	A Whole New Mind is your guide to standing out in the competitive workplace by taking advantage of the big-picture skills of the right side of your brain.
344	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Dopamine Nation talks about the importance of living a balanced life in relation to all the pleasure and stimuli we're surrounded with on a daily basis, such as drugs, devices, porn, gambling facilities, showing us how to avoid becoming dopamine addicts by restricting our access to them. 
345	Adjudicated	History	Breakfast With Socrates takes you through an ordinary day in the company of extraordinary minds, by linking each part of it to the core message of one of several great philosophers throughout history, such as Descartes, Nietzsche, Marx, and even Buddha.
346	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Creative Confidence helps break the mundanity of everyday work and life by exploring the power that being more innovative has to improve happiness and success in many different areas.
347	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Do Nothing explores the idea that our focus on being productive all the time is making us less effective because of how little rest we get, identifying how the consequences of overworking ourselves, and the benefits of taking time off, make a compelling argument that we should spend more time doing nothing.
348	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Black Box Thinking reveals that all paths to success lead through failure and what you can do to change your perspective on it, admit your mistakes, and build your own black box to constantly learn and improve from the feedback failure gives you.
349	Adjudicated	Other	1984 is the story of a man questioning the system that keeps his futuristic but dystopian society afloat and the chaos that quickly ensues once he gives in to his natural curiosity and desire to be free.
350	Adjudicated	History	The Way Of Zen is the ultimate guide to understanding the history, principles, and benefits of Zen and how it can help us experience mental stillness and enjoy life even in uncertain times.
351	Adjudicated	History	The Truth sees Neil Strauss draw lessons about monogamy, love and relationships learned from depression, sex addiction treatment, swinger parties and science labs, in the decade after becoming one of the world’s most notorious pick-up artists and desired single men on the planet.
352	Adjudicated	History	All In talks about the life of Billie Jean King, a remarkable woman and tennis player who fought for gender equality in sports and managed to change the US legislature in this regard by never giving up on her vision, which is to ensure a no discrimination zone in sports for young women.
353	Adjudicated	Other	Cradle To Cradle uncovers the hidden problems with manufacturing, how they affect our planet, and what you can do to help by becoming eco-efficient.
354	Adjudicated	History	Upheaval enlightens you by telling the stories of seven countries that fell into crises, including how they got there and what they did to get out, and identifies the common threads between all of them.
355	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Barking Up The Wrong Tree turns standard success advice on its head by looking at both sides of many common arguments, like confidence, extroversion, or being nice, concluding it’s really other factors that decide if we win, and we control more of them than we think.
356	Adjudicated	Business	Common Stocks and Uncommon Profits paves the way to success for all investors by outlining how to analyse stocks, understand the market, make smart investments and wise money decisions, and profit from them by being patient with the stock market and keeping your money in for the long-term.
357	Adjudicated	Personal Development	The Social Animal weaves social science research into the story of a fictional couple to shed light on the decision-making power of our unconscious minds.
358	Adjudicated	Other	A Brief History Of Time is Stephen Hawking’s way of explaining the most complex concepts and ideas of physics, such as space, time, black holes, planets, stars and gravity to the average Joe, so that even you and I can better understand how our planet was created, where it came from, and where it’s going.
359	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Best Self will help you become the hero you've always wanted to be by teaching you how to be honest with yourself about what you desire, identify your toxic anti-self, and discover the traits of the greatest possible version of you that you can imagine.
360	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Be A Free Range Human inspires you to finally quit that 9-5 job that is sucking the life out of you and begin working for yourself by explaining why the “job security” Doesn't exist anymore, helping you discover your passions, and identifying the steps you need to follow if you want to start a life of freedom and happiness.
361	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Change By Design makes you a better problem solver at every aspect of life by outlining the design thinking process that companies can use to innovate and improve.
362	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Clear Thinking is a guide to making better decisions built on recognizing crossroad moments in everyday life, finding the best path forward with a 4-step framework, and then applying it all to what matters most in life.
363	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Die With Zero teaches us that wealth accumulation isn't the only aspect of our life that we should be chasing, but rather keep an eye on meaningful experiences, our relationships, and the limited time we have on earth.
364	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Thrive shines a light on the missing ingredient in our perception of success, which includes well-being, wonder, wisdom and giving, and goes beyond just money and power, which often drive people right into burnout, terrible health and unhappiness.
365	Adjudicated	Business	Choose Yourself is a call to give up traditional career paths and take your life into your own hands by building good habits, creating your own career, and making a decision to choose yourself.
366	Adjudicated	History	A Walk In The Woods tells the interesting story of the adventures Bill Bryson and Stephen Katz had while walking the beautiful, rugged, and historic Appalachian Trail.
367	Adjudicated	Business	Blue Ocean Strategy talks about a new type of business strategy that Doesn't necessarily rely on gaining a competitive advantage over your rivals, but on innovating your way out of the current market to create your own ocean of opportunities.
368	Adjudicated	Business	Brainfluence will help you get more sales by revealing people’s subconscious thinking and their motivations in the decision-making process they use when buying.
369	Adjudicated	Physical Health	First Bite explains how you've acquired your eating habits in your childhood and why they're not hardwired, as well as how you can change them for the better and teach your children to eat healthy.
370	Adjudicated	Business	Cashvertising teaches you how to become an expert at marketing by using techniques like using the power of authority, following the three steps of writing a perfect headline, and appealing to the eight basic desires people have instead of spending millions on ads.
371	Adjudicated	History	Fear takes an inside look through the eyes of journalist, Bob Woodward, into a deeply flawed President, Donald Trump, and the dysfunctional administration that surrounds him.
372	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Your Erroneous Zones offers a hands-on guide on how to escape negative thinking, falling into your own self-destructive patterns, take charge of your thoughts and implicitly, your emotions, and how to build a better version of yourself starting with putting yourself first and not caring about what others may think.
373	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Emotional Intelligence 2.0 explains what Emotional Intelligence is and how you can use it to build fantastic relationships in your personal life and career by utilizing the powers of self-awareness, self-management, social awareness, and relationship management.
374	Adjudicated	Technology	Algorithms To Live By explains how computer algorithms work, why their relevance isn't limited to the digital world and how you can make better decisions by strategically using the right algorithm at the right time, for example in dating, at home or in the office.
375	Adjudicated	Personal Development	The Wisdom Of Life is an essay from Arthur Schopenhauer’s last published work, which breaks down happiness into three parts and explains how we can achieve it.
376	Adjudicated	History	You Are Not A Gadget will help you get a better grasp on how much the internet undervalues your individuality by explaining the history of the digital world, the worrying path that it has put us on, and how we might make changes as a society to fix these problems.
377	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Do The Work is Steven Pressfield’s follow-up to The War Of Art, where he gives you actionable tactics and strategies to overcome resistance, the force behind procrastination.
378	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Contagious illustrates why certain ideas and products spread better than others by sharing compelling stories from the world of business, social campaigns, and media.
379	Adjudicated	History	Cooked is a historical exploration of the four primary elements we use to transform our food, from fire to water, air, and earth, celebrating traditional cooking methods while showing you practical ways to improve your eating habits and prepare more of your own food.
380	Adjudicated	History	Walden details Henry David Thoreau’s two-year stay in a self-built cabin by a lake in the woods, sharing what he learned about solitude, nature, work, thinking and fulfillment during his break from modern city life.
381	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Finite and Infinite Games offers the theory that we play many different games in life, showing you that work and relationships are long-term endeavors and how to play them in order to win.
382	Adjudicated	Business	What They Don't Teach You At Harvard Business School teaches why succeeding in business has less to do with accumulated theoretical knowledge through schooling and books, and more about people and communication.
383	Adjudicated	Personal Development	 10 Days To Faster Reading helps you bring your reading skills to the current century, even if you've stopped developing them, like most of us, with the end of elementary school, by helping you select what to read in a better way and giving you actionable techniques to read and retain faster and better.
384	Adjudicated	Other	An Audience Of One is a practical and inspiring manual for creators who want to live from their art, showing a simple, purpose-driven path to achieve that goal.
385	Adjudicated	History	Chernobyl teaches some fascinating and important history, science, and leadership lessons by diving into the details of the events leading up to the worst nuclear disaster in human history and its aftermath.
386	Adjudicated	Business	Everybody Matters identifies the best way to become successful in business, help your team members trust you, and enable people to reach their full potential by showing the power of taking better care of your employees as if they were family.
387	Adjudicated	Personal Development	A Return To Love will help you let go of resentment, fear, and anger to have happier and healthier jobs and relationships by teaching you how to embrace the power of love.
388	Adjudicated	Business	They Ask You Answer presents an innovative digital marketing approach that ditches the traditional flashy ads and embraces high-quality content instead.
389	Adjudicated	Other	 A Tale of Two Cities tells the stories of two connected families in 18th-century London and Paris, exploring everything from love and loss to murder and family intrigue, thus teaching us about history, ethics, and the complexity of human relationships.
390	Adjudicated	Business	Dare To Lead dispels common myths about modern-day workplace culture and shows you that true leadership requires nothing but vulnerability, values, trust, and resilience.
391	Adjudicated	Physical Health	Brain Food delves into the topic of nutrition and how certain foods and nutrients can affect the well-being of the brain, its memory function, its cognitive capability, and how what we ingest can reverse the brain’s inclination to develop certain diseases.
392	Adjudicated	Other	Braiding Sweetgrass offers some great ways for all of us to take better care of and be more grateful for our planet by explaining the way that Native Americans view and take care of it.
393	Adjudicated	Business	Epic Content Marketing shows why traditional methods for selling like TV and direct mail are dead and how creating content is the new future of advertising because it actually grabs people’s attention by focusing on what they care about instead of your product.
394	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Wherever You Go, There You Are explains what mindfulness is and why it’s not reserved for Zen practitioners and Buddhist monks, giving you simple ways to practice it in everyday life, both formally and informally, while helping you avoid the obstacles on your way to a more aware self.
395	Adjudicated	Other	The Social Contract is a political piece of writing that serves as a pylon for the democracies of today, as it theorizes the elements of a free state where people agree to coexist with each other under the rules of a common body that represents the general will.
396	Adjudicated	Business	Why Nations Fail dives into the reasons why economic inequality is so common in the world today and identifies that poor decisions of those in political power are the main reason for unfairness rather than culture, geography, climate, or any other factor.
397	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Bounce Back is a book by Susan Kahn, a business coach who will teach you the psychology of resilience from the perspectives of Greek philosophy, Sigmund Freud, and modern neuroscience, so you can recover quickly from professional blunders of all kinds by changing your thinking.
398	Adjudicated	Personal Development	The Talent Code cracks open the myth of talent and breaks it down from a neurological standpoint into three crucial parts, which anyone can pull together to become a world-class performer, artist, or athlete and form something they used to believe was not even within their own hands.
399	Adjudicated	Physical Health	Feel Great Lose Weight goes beyond fad diets and quick fixes for weight problems and instead dives into the science of how your body really works when you put food into it and how you can use this information to be fitter and feel better.
400	Adjudicated	Other	Brainstorm is a fascinating look into the teenage brain that explains why adolescents act so hormonally and recklessly.
401	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Bored and Brilliant explores the idea of how just doing nothing, daydreaming and spacing out can improve our cognitive functions, enhance creativity and original thinking overall while also helping us relieve stress.
402	Adjudicated	Other	Farmageddon is a shocking compendium of the facts and figures about how the mass production of cheap meat influences our world, ranging from water and air pollution, to threatening species, to making us obese and sick, in order to show why we must return to more traditional farming techniques to sustainably feed the world.
403	Adjudicated	History	Deep Thinking is a recap of the past fifty years of the information revolution and an attempt to identify where AI technology may lead us.
404	Adjudicated	Personal Development	A Monk’s Guide To Happiness will help you find more joy in life by identifying the mental pitfalls you fall into that make it so hard to have and how to shatter the shackles of suffering to finally find inner peace.
405	Adjudicated	Personal Development	you're Not Listening is a book that will improve your communication skills by revealing how uncommon the skill of paying attention to what others are saying is and what experts teach about how to get better at it.
406	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Awaken The Giant Within is the psychological blueprint you can follow to wake up and start taking control of your life, starting in your mind, spreading through your body and then all the way through your relationships, work and finances until you're the giant you were always meant to be.
407	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Catalyst explains why extraordinary career growth requires the right stimuli at the right time to propel you to the next level, and shows you how to cultivate them.
408	Adjudicated	Personal Development	The Upside Of Stress helps you change your mindset from one that avoids anxiety at all costs to a belief that embraces stress as a normal part of life, which helps you respond to it in better ways and actually be healthier.
409	Adjudicated	Technology	Tubes is a behind-the-scenes look at the real, tangible, physical heart of the internet, this elusive and seemingly invisible technology that permeates all of our lives on a daily basis.
410	Adjudicated	Business	Your Move: The Underdog’s Guide to Building Your Business is Ramit Sethi’s no-BS guide to starting your own business that'll help you escape the 9-to-5, all the way from coming up with profitable ideas, overcoming psychological barriers and figuring out who to sell to to growing, maintaining and systematizing your business in the future.
411	Adjudicated	Personal Development	As A Man Thinketh is an essay and self-help classic, which argues that the key to mastering your life is harnessing the power of your thoughts and helps you cultivate the philosophy and attitude of a positive, successful person.
412	Adjudicated	Personal Development	 Aware is a comprehensive overview of the far-reaching benefits of meditation, rooted in both science and practice, enriched with actionable advice on how to practice mindfulness.
413	Adjudicated	History	Digital Gold details the beginnings of Bitcoin, including how it was developed, why it’s early years were such a struggle, the many people that contributed to its rise, and how it’s changed our world so far and why it will continue doing so for a long time.
414	Adjudicated	Other	Dreamland blows open the story of the United States’ opioid crisis, from the frustrating greed and oversight that created it, how drug dealers accelerated it’s spread, and what we're doing now to stop it.
415	Adjudicated	Personal Development	 10% Happier gives skeptics an easy “in” to meditation, by taking a very non-fluffy approach to the science behind this mindfulness practice and showing you how and why letting go of your ego is important for living a stress-free life.
416	Adjudicated	History	A People’s History Of The United States will help you improve the world by giving you a better understanding of the true, sometimes shameful, story of this America’s rise to power.
417	Adjudicated	Other	Don Quixote is a classic novel from 1605 which portraits the life and insightful journey of Don Quixote de la Mancha, a Spanish man who seems to be losing his mind on his quest to become a knight and restore chivalry alongside with a farmer named Sancho Panza, with whom he fights multiple imaginary enemies and faces a series of fantastic challenges.
418	Adjudicated	Business	Built To Sell shows you how to become a successful entrepreneur by explaining the steps necessary to grow a small service company and one day sell it.
419	Adjudicated	Business	The Total Money Makeover shows you how to stop accepting debt as normal, eliminate it forever in small increments, and build the financial future you deserve in seven steps.
420	Adjudicated	History	The Truths We Hold is the autobiography of civil rights activist, California Senator, and Vice President Kamala Harris, which details her early years in the justice system fighting for the people and what she has been doing in the last few years to help those suffering from the inefficiencies in the United States government.
421	Adjudicated	Physical Health	Eat, Move, Sleep shows you that living a long and healthy life is not the result of massive lifestyle changes, but of lots of small habits, which improve the way you sleep, eat and exercise and, if combined, add a whole lot to your health.
422	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Behind The Beautiful Forevers will make you more grateful for what you have, look for ways to tear down corruption in the world, and help the poor by sharing the experiences of people living in the Annawadi slum in India.
423	Adjudicated	Other	The Tipping Point explains how ideas spread like epidemics and which few elements need to come together to help an idea reach the point of critical mass, where its viral effect becomes unstoppable.
424	Adjudicated	Business	Will It Fly is a step-by-step guide to testing your business idea, making sure your new venture matches who you are, and not wasting time or money on something people won't want, so your business won't just run, but fly.
425	Adjudicated	Technology	A Mind For Numbers will teach you how to learn math and science more efficiently and get good at them by understanding how your brain absorbs and processes information, even if these subjects Don't come naturally to you.
426	Adjudicated	Physical Health	Deep Nutrition will help you get healthier by explaining the danger of modern dieting techniques that are actually doing harm to your body and making you sick.
427	Adjudicated	Other	The Sports Gene is a look at how genes affect our abilities, motivations, and endurance in sports, explaining why some people are better suited for certain sports than others.
428	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Ego Is The Enemy reveals why a tendency that’s hardwired into our brains — the belief that the world revolves around us and us alone — keeps holding us back from living the very life it dreams up for us, including what we can do to overcome our ego, be kinder to others and ourselves, and achieve true greatness.
429	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Broadcasting Happiness is an encouraging resource that will help you boost your health and happiness in your relationships, work, and community by showing you how to unlock the power of positive words and stories.
430	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Awe is an investigation into a universal, powerful, much needed emotion we know next to nothing about, showing us that only when we feel a sense of wonder can we be wonderful human beings, and how to find that feeling not just in once-in-a-lifetime experiences but even amidst the slowly turning wheels of everyday life.
431	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Excellent Advice for Living compiles over 400 short bits of hard-won advice learned by Kevin Kelly, the founder of Wired magazine, in 70 years of life.
432	Adjudicated	Personal Development	You Are Not Your Brain educates you about the science behind bad habits and breaking them, giving you an actionable 4-step framework you can use to stop listening to your brain’s deceptive messages.
433	Adjudicated	History	The Tao Te Ching is a collection of 81 short, poignant chapters full of advice on living in harmony with “the Tao,” translated as “the Way,” an ancient Chinese interpretation of the spiritual force underpinning all life, first written around 400 BC but relevant to this day.
434	Adjudicated	History	Why Is Sex Fun takes a humorous look at the evolution of human sex life, explaining why the way we behave sexually is often odd, but necessary for our survival.
435	Adjudicated	Physical Health	Eat To Live will help you lose weight, feel better, and live longer by identifying the flaws in what we think is true about nutrition and using science and case studies to reveal how certain foods affect us for better or worse.
436	Adjudicated	Business	Business Model Generation teaches you how to start your own company by explaining the details of matching your customer’s needs with your product’s capabilities, managing finances, and everything else involved in the planning stages of entrepreneurship.
437	Adjudicated	Other	The War Of Art brings some much needed tough love to all artists, business people and creatives who spend more time battling the resistance against work than actually working, by identifying the procrastinating forces at play and pulling out the rug from under their feet.
438	Adjudicated	History	Between The World And Me helps us all fight prejudice and prepares young black men in the US for growing up by revealing Ta-Nehisi Coates’s reality of life as a black man dealing with racism in America.
439	Adjudicated	Other	A Walk Around the Block is a beautiful, local-neighborhood exploration of where “the things that sustain us,” aka our infrastructure, comes from, shedding light on 26 everyday wonders we now take for granted but that took decades, sometimes millennia, to reach the masses and change history.
440	Adjudicated	Personal Development	The Way of Integrity uses science, spirituality, humor, and Dante’s Divine Comedy to teach you how to find well-being, healing, a sense of purpose, and much more by rediscovering integrity, or the recently lost art of living true to yourself by what you do, think and say. 
441	Adjudicated	Personal Development	The Storytelling Edge will boost your communication and persuasiveness skills by showing you how to tell powerful narratives in a convincing way and giving examples of why you should.
442	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Why Are We Yelling? will improve your relationships, professional life, and the way you view the world by showing you that arguments are not bad, but important growing experiences if we learn to make them productive.
443	Adjudicated	Personal Development	An Astronaut’s Guide To Life On Earth teaches you how to live better by taking lessons from the rigorous requirements of going to outer space and applying them to everyday life.
444	Adjudicated	History	Caste unveils the hidden cultural and societal rules of our class system, including where it comes from, why it’s so deeply entrenched in society, and how we can dismantle it forever and finally allow all people to have the equality they deserve. 
445	Adjudicated	Business	All Marketers Are Liars is based on the idea that we believe whatever we want to believe, and that it’s exactly this trait of ours, which marketers use (and sometimes abuse) to sell their products by infusing them with good stories – whether they're true or not.
446	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Big Magic is the book that'll give you the courage you need to pursue your creative interests by showing you how to deal with your fears, notice ideas and act on them and take the stress out of creation.
447	Adjudicated	Personal Development	The Slight Edge outlines the importance of doing small, little improvements in our everyday life to achieve a successful bigger picture, and how by focusing more on making better day-by-day choices you can shape a remarkable future.
448	Adjudicated	Business	Everything Is Obvious shows you that common sense isn't as reliable as you think it is, because it often fails us in helping to make predictions, and how you can change the way you or your company make decisions with more scientific, statistically grounded methods.
449	Adjudicated	History	A Promised Land is former president Barack Obama’s memoir in which he explains how he got into politics, what it was like for him to be president of the United States from 2009 to 2017, and how he felt during some of his biggest achievements, like passing the Affordable Care Act.
450	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Turning Pro is an inspiring instruction manual that'll help you create the work you were meant to do by dividing your life into two phases, the amateur and the professional, and getting you from one into the other.
451	Adjudicated	History	A Splendid Exchange outlines the history of global trade, revealing its older than we think, has enabled the progress of civilization, and continues to change the world on a daily basis.
452	Adjudicated	History	Can't Hurt Me is the story of David Goggins, who went from being overweight and depressed to becoming a record-breaking athlete, inspiring military leader, and world-class personal trainer.
453	Adjudicated	Technology	Where Good Ideas Come From describes how the process of innovation is similar to evolution and why good ideas have to be shaped over time, build on existing platforms, require connections, luck, and error and how you can turn something old into something new.
454	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Feral will help you find ways to improve the well-being of humanity by illustrating the deep connection between us and Nature and offering actionable advice on how to preserve balance in our ecosystems through rewilding.
455	Adjudicated	Personal Development	What Are You Doing With Your Life? turns traditional ideas about happiness and the purpose of life on its head by diving into the details of life’s most important questions, all so you can live with intention and joy more constantly.
456	Adjudicated	Technology	AI Superpowers will help you understand what to expect of the effect that artificial intelligence will have on your future job opportunities by diving into where China and the US, the world’s two leaders in AI, are heading with this breakthrough technology.
457	Adjudicated	Physical Health	Why Zebras Don't Get Ulcers explores the leading causes of stress and how to keep it under control, as well as the biological science behind stress, which can be a catalyst for performance in the short term, but a potential threat in the long run.
458	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Unbeatable Mind explores the idea that everyone has a higher self-potential lying underneath that they ought to explore and tap into in order to live their life to the fullest and maximize their happiness and success, all possible through the 20X rule.
459	Adjudicated	History	A Woman of No Importance tells the fascinating and exciting story of Virginia Hall, an American who became one of the best spies for the Allies in World War II and helped significantly in the defeat of Nazi Germany.
460	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Think Like A Freak teaches you how to reject conventional wisdom as often as possible, ask the right questions about everything and come up with your own, statistically validated answers, instead of relying on other people's’ opinions or common sense.
461	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Do What You Are will help you discover your personality type and how it can lead you to a more satisfying career that corresponds to your talents and interests
462	Adjudicated	Business	What I Learned Losing A Million Dollars shows you how to recognize and steer clear of the pitfalls of stock investing by sharing the story of one man who made some bad investment decisions and had to deal with some pretty terrible consequences because of them.
463	Adjudicated	Other	The Soul Of An Octopus will make you smarter about animal life in the ocean by explaining the fascinating abilities, brilliance, and personalities of octopuses.
464	Adjudicated	Personal Development	David and Goliath explains why underdogs win in situations where the odds are stacked unfavorably against them, and how you can do the same.
465	Adjudicated	Personal Development	When Breath Becomes Air helps you see what’s really important by diving into Paul Kalanithi’s life of loving neuroscience, literature, meaning, and his family that ended from cancer in his mid-thirties.
466	Adjudicated	Business	Capitalism shows you how the movement of money in the world really works by outlining the dominant system in the world and its origins and future.
467	Adjudicated	Personal Development	10-Minute Toughness is a hands-on guide to becoming the best version of yourself and achieving success through consistent good practices such as eating right, forming meaningful relationships, committing to your goals publicly, visualizing your achievements, and many others.
468	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Age Of Anger will help you understand the current state of the world better by explaining how we got to this present situation of upheaval we're in and how we might stand a chance of making things better.
469	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Everybody Lies will expand your mind about the true nature of human beings by explaining what big data is, how it came to be, and how we can use it to understand ourselves better.
470	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Die Empty talks about the importance of following your dreams and aspirations, living a meaningful, active life, and using your native gifts to create a legacy and inspire others to tap into their own potential as well
471	Adjudicated	History	Energy makes you smarter by helping you understand where this important aspect of our lives comes from, how we've used it throughout history to get to where we are today, and why we need to be careful about how we consume it so that we can have a better future.
472	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Emotional Intelligence explains the importance of emotions in your life, how they help and hurt your ability to navigate the world, followed by practical advice on how to improve your own emotional intelligence and why that is the key to leading a successful life.
473	Adjudicated	Business	Value Proposition Design opens up a new perspective of what added value in a product consists of, how to find and target your market correctly, how you can design a product successfully, bring it forth to your prospects and have them be excited to buy it, all through the creation of a customer-centric business
474	Adjudicated	Business	Capitalism And Freedom helps you understand some of the most important factors protecting your liberty by outlining the government’s role in economics and how things go best when political entities are small and stay out of the flow of money in a country.
475	Adjudicated	Physical Health	75 Hard is a fitness challenge and book that teaches mental toughness by making you commit to five daily critical tasks for 75 days straight, including drinking a gallon of water, reading 10 pages of a non-fiction book, doing two 45-minute workouts, taking a progress picture, and following a diet.
476	Adjudicated	Physical Health	Brain Maker argues that the relationship between your gut and your mind is stronger than you know, and proves how the microbiome is responsible for your overall health in the long run.
477	Adjudicated	Other	Eating Animals reveals the true burden of the modern-day meat industry that we all bear as a society and details the environmental, health-related, and ethical consequences.
478	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Who Not How will skyrocket your success, happiness, and fulfillment in all areas of your life by identifying why you're looking at your problems the wrong way and how simply seeking to get the right people to help you will make all the difference.
479	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Unlimited Memory explores the most effective ways to retain information and improve memory skills by teaching its readers some key aspects about the brain and explaining advanced learning strategies in an easy-to-follow manner.
480	Adjudicated	Business	Tribal Leadership explains the various roles people take on in organizations, showing you how to navigate, connect, and lead change across the five different stages of your company’s “tribal society.”
481	Adjudicated	Personal Development	The Worry-Free Mind helps free you of the shackles of all types of anxieties by identifying where they come from and what steps you need to take to regain control of your thinking patterns and become mentally healthy again.
482	Adjudicated	Business	Eat Sleep Work Repeat identifies why so many workplaces are unnecessarily stressful, how it makes employees unhappy and businesses less profitable, and what we all need to do to fix this growing problem.
483	Adjudicated	Other	The Wisdom Of Crowds researches why groups reach better decisions than individuals, what makes groups smart, where the dangers of group decisions lie, and how each of us can encourage the groups we are part of to work together.
484	Adjudicated	Business	Facebook Ads Manual gives you an exact, step-by-step tutorial to create and run your first Facebook ads campaign, allowing you to market your product, page, or yourself to a massive audience for next to no money and make you a true social media marketer.
485	Adjudicated	Personal Development	When Things Fall Apart gives you the confidence to make it through life’s inevitable setbacks by sharing ideas and strategies like mindfulness to grow your resilience and come out on top.
486	Adjudicated	Business	Accounting Made Simple is your guide to learning the fundamental charts, equations, and concepts of managing a business’s financial statements.
487	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Decisive gives you a scientific, 4-step approach to making better decisions in your life and career, based on an extensive study of the available literature and research on the topic.
488	Adjudicated	Business	This Is Marketing argues that marketing success in today’s world comes from focusing more on the needs, values, and desires of our target audience, rather than spamming as many people as possible with our message.
489	Adjudicated	History	Dark Money dives into the depths of the greed and corruption in the American political system by revealing the story of the Koch brothers who have been enabling the ultra-wealthy to influence political decisions for decades.
490	Adjudicated	Business	You Are A Badass At Making Money will help you stop making excuses and get over your bad relationship with money to become a money-making machine.
491	Adjudicated	History	Faith is an in-depth exploration of the many meanings of faith and the various ways it affects human life, backed by the personal account of former US President Jimmy Carter.
492	Adjudicated	History	Untamed is an inspiring memoir of Glennon Doyle, a woman who found peace and inner strength by challenging life in all its areas, from love to parenting, personal growth, and work, after going through a powerful change that led her to discover crucial aspects about herself and allowed her to build a new life.
493	Adjudicated	Technology	Chaos is a scientific piece of writing that presents the principles behind the Chaos Theory, which was popularized in the late 20th century and represents a monumental step forward in the area of scientific knowledge and the universe’s evolution overall.
494	Adjudicated	History	The Warmth Of Other Suns is the story of how and why millions of Black Americans left the South between 1915 and 1970 to escape the brutality of the Jim Crow Laws and find safety, better pay, and more freedom in what is known today as The Great Migration.
495	Adjudicated	Technology	Blockchain Revolution explains how the power of this new technology behind Bitcoin can transform our world financially by improving the way we store our money and do business to make it more fair, transparent, equal, and free from corruption.
496	Adjudicated	History	Win or Learn explores the philosophy of life and the secrets behind peak performance in MMA of John Kavanagh, the trainer and friend of superstar Conor McGregor, and their journey to success which started in a modest gym in Ireland and ended up with McGregor having a net worth of 100 million dollars.
497	Adjudicated	Personal Development	Bullshit Jobs asserts that roughly two out of every five people are stuck in work that is bereft of purpose, and these workers could suffer psychological damage as a result.
498	Adjudicated	Technology	Abundance shows you the key technological trends being developed today, to give you a glimpse of a future that’s a lot brighter than you think and help you embrace the optimism we need to make it happen.
499	Adjudicated	Business	Fit For Growth is a guide to expanding your company’s influence and profits by looking for ways to cut costs in the right places, restructuring your business model, and eliminating unnecessary departments to pave the way for exponential success.
500	Adjudicated	Physical Health	In Defense Of Food describes the decline of natural eating in exchange for diets driven by science and nutritional data, how this decline has ruined our health, and what we can do to return to food as a simple, cultural, natural aspect of life.