Index Category Description
355 History "Upheaval enlightens you by telling the stories of seven countries that fell into crises, including how they got there and what they did to get out, and identifies the common threads between all of them."
494 Technology "Chaos is a scientific piece of writing that presents the principles behind the Chaos Theory, which was popularized in the late 20th century and represents a monumental step forward in the area of scientific knowledge and the universe’s evolution overall."
7 "Personal Development" "8 Rules of Love offers a 4-stage model of love, loosely based on Indian tradition, along with 8 rules to help us progress through it and become more emotionally mature people in the process."
445 History "Caste unveils the hidden cultural and societal rules of our class system, including where it comes from, why it’s so deeply entrenched in society, and how we can dismantle it forever and finally allow all people to have the equality they deserve. "
19 Business "Be Our Guest shows you how to take better care of your customers by outlining the philosophy and systems that Disney has for taking care of theirs which have helped it become one of the most successful companies in the world."
4 History "Doubt: A History is a fascinating look at the historical influence of doubt on science, religion, and the way we think today."
78 "Personal Development" "Who Will Cry When You Die? helps you leave a lasting legacy of greatness after you're gone by giving specific tips on how to become the best version of yourself and the kind that makes others grateful for all of your contributions to their lives and the world."
465 "Personal Development" "David and Goliath explains why underdogs win in situations where the odds are stacked unfavorably against them, and how you can do the same."
491 Business "You Are A Badass At Making Money will help you stop making excuses and get over your bad relationship with money to become a money-making machine."
166 "Personal Development" "Big Potential will show you that the real secret to success and thriving in all aspects of life is developing strong connections with others and treating them in a way that lifts them up."
55 Other "Accidental Genius introduces you to the concept of freewriting, which you can use to solve complex problems, exercise your creativity, flesh out your ideas and even build a catalog of publishable work."
258 "Physical Health" "Breath is a fascinating and helpful guide to understanding the science of breathing, including how doing it slowly and through your nose is best for your lungs and body, and the many proven mental and physical benefits of being more mindful of how you inhale and exhale."
117 "Personal Development" "Toward a Psychology of Being encompasses the extended research of Abraham Maslow on the human condition, how people view their wants and needs, the process of psychological growth and how achieving a sense of fulfillment is possible by understanding your perspective on needs and the way your mind works."
283 "Physical Health" "Built to Move is a collection of 10 simple tests and practices you can use to instantly improve your mobility, fitness, breathing, eating, and sleeping, thereby increasing your freedom and quality of life all around."
489 Business "This Is Marketing argues that marketing success in today’s world comes from focusing more on the needs, values, and desires of our target audience, rather than spamming as many people as possible with our message."
433 "Personal Development" "You Are Not Your Brain educates you about the science behind bad habits and breaking them, giving you an actionable 4-step framework you can use to stop listening to your brain’s deceptive messages."
397 Business "Why Nations Fail dives into the reasons why economic inequality is so common in the world today and identifies that poor decisions of those in political power are the main reason for unfairness rather than culture, geography, climate, or any other factor."
198 "Personal Development" "Born A Crime will inspire you to make great things happen no matter what circumstances you're born into by revealing the story of how Trevor Noah grew up as a mixed child in South Africa on the way to becoming an adult."
418 Other "Don Quixote is a classic novel from 1605 which portraits the life and insightful journey of Don Quixote de la Mancha, a Spanish man who seems to be losing his mind on his quest to become a knight and restore chivalry alongside with a farmer named Sancho Panza, with whom he fights multiple imaginary enemies and faces a series of fantastic challenges."
403 Other "Farmageddon is a shocking compendium of the facts and figures about how the mass production of cheap meat influences our world, ranging from water and air pollution, to threatening species, to making us obese and sick, in order to show why we must return to more traditional farming techniques to sustainably feed the world."
407 "Personal Development" "Awaken The Giant Within is the psychological blueprint you can follow to wake up and start taking control of your life, starting in your mind, spreading through your body and then all the way through your relationships, work and finances until you're the giant you were always meant to be."
265 "Physical Health" "Eat To Beat Disease will help you be healthier and fight off infection by identifying how food affects your immune system and what to put into your body that will make you more resilient against illness."
248 "Personal Development" "Brave will help you have the relationships, career, and everything else in life that you've always wanted but have been afraid to go for by teaching you how to become more courageous."
217 Business "Confessions Of An Advertising Man is the marketing bible of the 60s, written by “the father of advertising,” David Ogilvy to inspire a philosophy of honesty, hard work and ethical behavior in his industry."
162 "Personal Development" "The Undoing Project talks about the life and extensive research in the psychology of Kahneman and Tversky by bringing forth some of the most influential and groundbreaking discoveries they unveiled about human behavior and the biases in our decisions."
462 "Personal Development" "Do What You Are will help you discover your personality type and how it can lead you to a more satisfying career that corresponds to your talents and interests"
392 "Physical Health" "Brain Food delves into the topic of nutrition and how certain foods and nutrients can affect the well-being of the brain, its memory function, its cognitive capability, and how what we ingest can reverse the brain’s inclination to develop certain diseases."
434 History "The Tao Te Ching is a collection of 81 short, poignant chapters full of advice on living in harmony with “the Tao,” translated as “the Way,” an ancient Chinese interpretation of the spiritual force underpinning all life, first written around 400 BC but relevant to this day."
144 "Personal Development" " 30 Lessons For Loving gives the relationship advice of hundreds of couples who have stayed together into old age and will teach you how to have happiness and longevity in your love life."
35 "Personal Development" "Descartes’ Error will help you understand why the argument that the mind and body are disconnected is false by using neuroscience and interesting case studies to identify how the body and our emotions play a vital role in logical thinking."
328 "Personal Development" "The Social Leap will help you understand human nature better by explaining the most significant event in our species’ evolutionary history and looking at how we adapted socially, emotionally, and psychologically to survive."
88 "Personal Development" "Are You Fully Charged shows you the three keys to arriving at work and life with a battery that’s brimming with happiness and motivation, which are energy, interactions and meaning, and how to implement them in your day."
310 "Personal Development" "Your Best Year Ever gives powerful inspiration to change your life by helping you identify what you should improve on, how to get over the hurdles in your way, and the patterns and habits you need to set so that achieving your dreams is more possible than ever."
28 Other " An Ugly Truth offers a critical look at Facebook and its administrators, who foster a gaslighting environment and a controversial social media platform that can easily become a danger for its users both virtually and in real life due to its immense power and influence on our society."
378 "Personal Development" "Do The Work is Steven Pressfield’s follow-up to The War Of Art, where he gives you actionable tactics and strategies to overcome resistance, the force behind procrastination."
270 Business "Trust Me, I’m Lying is a marketer’s take on how influential blogs have become, why that’s something to worry about, and which broken dynamics govern the internet today, including his own confessions of how he gamed that very system to successfully generate press for his clients."
257 "Personal Development" "Don't Sweat The Small Stuff (… And It’s All Small Stuff) will keep you from letting the little, stressful things in life, like your email inbox, rushing to trains, and annoying co-workers drive you insane and help you find peace and calm in a stressful world."
157 Business "23 Things They Don't Tell You About Capitalism will help you think more clearly about our current economic state by uncovering the hidden consequences of free-market capitalism and offering solutions that could give us all a more fair world"
210 Business "Expert Secrets teaches you how to create and implement an informative marketing plan and putting it into practice, while also showing you what problem you must solve for your prospects or teach them how to do it themselves."
84 "Personal Development" "Think Small gives the science-backed secrets to following through with your goals, identifying seven key components that will help you use your own human nature to your advantage for wild success like you've never had before."
323 History "Through The Language Glass explains how the language you speak fundamentally alters your reality and how nature, culture and language have all been intertwined all throughout history."
463 Business "What I Learned Losing A Million Dollars shows you how to recognize and steer clear of the pitfalls of stock investing by sharing the story of one man who made some bad investment decisions and had to deal with some pretty terrible consequences because of them."
228 History "The Sunflower recounts an experience of holocaust survivor Simon Wiesenthal, in which he had to make a tough choice about whether to forgive or not, and explores over 50 different perspectives on forgiveness from people with various religious, cultural and ethnic backgrounds."
467 Business "Capitalism shows you how the movement of money in the world really works by outlining the dominant system in the world and its origins and future."
105 "Personal Development" "Dear Girls is a collection of letters written by comedian Ali Wong to her two daughters, recounting tales from her youth and life in an attempt to pass on some hard-earned wisdom to them and anyone willing to listen to her story."
149 Business "Zero To One is an inside look at Peter Thiel’s philosophy and strategy for making your startup a success by looking at the lessons he learned from founding and selling PayPal, investing in Facebook and becoming a billionaire in the process."
214 Other "A Crack In Creation will teach you all about the power of gene editing that is made possible with CRISPR by detailing how it works, the benefits and opportunities it opens up, and the ethical risks of using it on humans."
393 Other "Braiding Sweetgrass offers some great ways for all of us to take better care of and be more grateful for our planet by explaining the way that Native Americans view and take care of it."
90 "Personal Development" "Unlearn will show you how to win even in changing circumstances by revealing why the patterns you used for past successes won't always work and how to adopt a learning attitude to stop them from holding you back."
125 Business "Trillion Dollar Coach will help you become a better leader in the office by sharing the life and teachings of businessman Bill Campbell who helped build multi-billion dollar companies in Silicon Valley."
299 History "A Universe From Nothing will enlarge your knowledge of our expanding universe by showing you how it began, what we're learning about it now, and what will happen to it in the future."
238 Business "Building A StoryBrand is your guide to turning your sales pages and product into an adventure for your clients by identifying the seven steps to successful storytelling as a company and how to craft the clearest message possible so that they will understand and want to be part of it."
438 Other "The War Of Art brings some much needed tough love to all artists, business people and creatives who spend more time battling the resistance against work than actually working, by identifying the procrastinating forces at play and pulling out the rug from under their feet."
288 History "A Higher Loyalty shares James Comey’s experiences as the director of the FBI and outlines what he learned about leadership, ethics, and politics throughout his life, career, and experiences with President Trump who was the reason he lost his job in May of 2017."
14 "Personal Development" "13 Things Mentally Strong Parents Don't Do teaches parents how to stop being a roadblock to their kids academic, behavioral, and emotional success by outlining ways to develop the right thinking habits."
66 History "Alexander Hamilton will inspire you to boldly use your strengths to change the world as it tells the story of a poor orphan who grew to become one of the most intelligent, ambitious, and influential people in American history."
413 "Personal Development" " Aware is a comprehensive overview of the far-reaching benefits of meditation, rooted in both science and practice, enriched with actionable advice on how to practice mindfulness."
141 "Personal Development" "Work Less Finish More is a hands-on guide to adopting a more focused frame of mind and developing habits that will enhance your productivity levels, give you a sense of accomplishment and put you in the right direction in order to achieve your objectives."
169 "Personal Development" "Thoughts Without A Thinker helps you get more peace, overcome mental illness, and ease suffering by outlining the principles of Buddhism, mindfulness, and meditation as they relate to psychoanalysis."
311 Other "The World Without Us imagines planet earth without us humans, detailing what will happen to nature and man-made creations long after we're gone."
243 History "What Happened is Hillary Clinton’s post-mortem on the events and surprising result of her bid for the 2016 United States presidential election, including why she ran for president in the first place, what made it so hard for her to come out on top, and how the loss affected her after election night."
224 "Physical Health" "Ending Aging describes how the process of aging is like a disease and therefore, treatable, by outlining the seven primary ways in which we age and possible antidotes to all of them, plus a glimpse into the future of potentially indefinite human life."
72 "Personal Development" "Your Brain At Work helps you overcome the daily challenges that take away your brain power, like constant email and interruption madness, high levels of stress, lack of control and high expectations, by showing you what goes on inside your head and giving you new approaches to control it better."
501 "Physical Health" "In Defense Of Food describes the decline of natural eating in exchange for diets driven by science and nutritional data, how this decline has ruined our health, and what we can do to return to food as a simple, cultural, natural aspect of life."
34 History "A World In Disarray will open your mind to new ways of making the world a more peaceful place by guiding you through the major changes in global affairs since World War II."
307 "Personal Development" "Feel-Good Productivity offers a well-structured toolkit for crafting your own, joy-based, sustainable philosophy for work and life, rooted in 3 pillars and up to 54 science-backed experiments."
153 History "Elon Musk is the first official biography of the creator of SolarCity, SpaceX and Tesla, based on over 30 hours of conversations with Musk himself, highlighting his complicated childhood, the way he makes decisions and navigates the world, and how he managed to disrupt multiple industries, all with the goal of saving humanity."
333 "Personal Development" "Atlas of the Heart maps out a series of human emotions and their meaning and explores the psychology behind a human’s feelings and how they make up our lives and change our behaviors, and how to build meaningful connections by learning how to deal with them."
86 "Personal Development" "The Wisdom of the Bullfrog breaks down 18 sayings, mottos, and parables used in the military, which helped admiral William H. McRaven throughout his four-decade Navy SEAL career to lead and inspire himself and others."
246 Business "Evicted reveals the awful situation of those living in the poorest cities in the United States by identifying how this situation came to be, the horrendous effect it has on the individuals and families that deal with it, and what we might do to stop it."
436 "Physical Health" "Eat To Live will help you lose weight, feel better, and live longer by identifying the flaws in what we think is true about nutrition and using science and case studies to reveal how certain foods affect us for better or worse."
435 History "Why Is Sex Fun takes a humorous look at the evolution of human sex life, explaining why the way we behave sexually is often odd, but necessary for our survival."
381 History "Walden details Henry David Thoreau’s two-year stay in a self-built cabin by a lake in the woods, sharing what he learned about solitude, nature, work, thinking and fulfillment during his break from modern city life."
203 "Physical Health" "The Telomere Effect shows you how to live healthier and stay younger longer by identifying an important part of your physiology that you might have never heard of and teaching you how to take great care of it."
133 Business "Blitzscaling is the strategy some of today’s most valuable companies have used to achieve huge market shares, insanely fast growth, big profit margins, and become corporate giants in a very short time."
49 Technology "A World Without Email presents a utopia where people engage in their usual professional activities without using emails as a means of communication, and explores a new way of working that Doesn't rely on instant messaging, which is known for decreasing productivity at the workplace."
386 History "Chernobyl teaches some fascinating and important history, science, and leadership lessons by diving into the details of the events leading up to the worst nuclear disaster in human history and its aftermath."
181 "Personal Development" "What Happened to You? is an analysis of how traumatic experiences affect our brains throughout our lives, showing how they change our coping mechanisms, and why we must consider both the individual and collective side of mental health if we are to resolve our emotional challenges not just for ourselves but for society at large."
485 Business "Facebook Ads Manual gives you an exact, step-by-step tutorial to create and run your first Facebook ads campaign, allowing you to market your product, page, or yourself to a massive audience for next to no money and make you a true social media marketer."
73 Technology "Digital Renaissance uses empirical data to show that the digitization of media has led to a flood of art, but that its average quality hasn’t changed."
170 "Personal Development" "Be Useful is an autobiographical collection of 7 rules that helped fitness legend, Hollywood icon, and former California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger live life to the fullest, ready to keep you inspired and taking action until your dreams come true."
97 History "Chasing The Scream is a scathing review of the failed war on drugs, explaining its history with surprising statistics and identifying new ways that we can think about addiction, recovery, and drug laws."
395 "Personal Development" "Wherever You Go, There You Are explains what mindfulness is and why it’s not reserved for Zen practitioners and Buddhist monks, giving you simple ways to practice it in everyday life, both formally and informally, while helping you avoid the obstacles on your way to a more aware self."
424 Other "The Tipping Point explains how ideas spread like epidemics and which few elements need to come together to help an idea reach the point of critical mass, where its viral effect becomes unstoppable."
302 "Personal Development" "Brotopia motivates you to be fairer in the workplace as an employee or employer by revealing the sad sexist state of Silicon Valley."
305 History "Elon Musk is an intimate account of the life of the man who might be the 21st century’s most important innovator, engineer, and businessman, based on over two years of shadowing him through the ups and downs of his everyday life running Tesla, SpaceX, and four other world-changing companies."
206 Other "What’s Our Problem? explains what’s going on in our modern times, why everyone seems to be acting crazy, and how societies function, fall, and thrive, using plenty of original frameworks to give us new, better ways of thinking and communicating in our complicated world."
496 Technology "Blockchain Revolution explains how the power of this new technology behind Bitcoin can transform our world financially by improving the way we store our money and do business to make it more fair, transparent, equal, and free from corruption."
100 "Personal Development" "Discipline Is Destiny is a three-part manual to master and implement the Stoic virtue of temperance, aka discipline, in your life, thus improving your body, mind, and spirit."
480 "Personal Development" "Unlimited Memory explores the most effective ways to retain information and improve memory skills by teaching its readers some key aspects about the brain and explaining advanced learning strategies in an easy-to-follow manner."
93 "Personal Development" "The Third Door follows an 18-year-old’s wild quest of interviewing many of the world’s most successful people to discover what it takes to get to the top."
464 Other "The Soul Of An Octopus will make you smarter about animal life in the ocean by explaining the fascinating abilities, brilliance, and personalities of octopuses."
272 "Personal Development" "Willpower is a blend of practical tips and the latest scientific research on self-control, explaining how willpower works, what you can do to improve it, how to optimize it and which steps to take when it fails you."
24 "Personal Development" "The Wisdom Of Insecurity is a self-help classic that breaks down our psychological need for stability and explains how it’s led us right into consumerism, why that won't solve our problem and how we can really calm our anxiety."
168 "Physical Health" "Born To Run explains the natural benefits of long-distance running, and how you can become a better runner too, based on several years of research, experiences, and training."
159 "Personal Development" "Your Best Just Got Better shows you how to tackle productivity and performance with the best techniques to help you work smarter, get more done and stay inspired."
193 "Personal Development" "All About Love teaches you how to get more affection and connection in your relationships by explaining why true love is so difficult these days and how to combat the unrealistic expectations society has set up that makes it so hard."
25 "Physical Health" "The Uninhabitable Earth explains how humanity’s complacency and negligence have put this world on a course to soon be unlivable unless we each do our small part to improve how we care for this beautiful planet we live on."
189 "Personal Development" "Educated will help you become more grateful for your schooling, freedom, and normal relationships by explaining the family difficulties that Tara Westover had to break free of so that she could get her own education."
421 History "The Truths We Hold is the autobiography of civil rights activist, California Senator, and Vice President Kamala Harris, which details her early years in the justice system fighting for the people and what she has been doing in the last few years to help those suffering from the inefficiencies in the United States government."
340 "Personal Development" "Anatomy Of An Epidemic teaches you how to make better decisions about your mental health as it uncovers the questionable origin of medication and reveals the interesting connection between psychiatry and pharmaceutical companies."
366 Business "Choose Yourself is a call to give up traditional career paths and take your life into your own hands by building good habits, creating your own career, and making a decision to choose yourself."
429 "Personal Development" "Ego Is The Enemy reveals why a tendency that’s hardwired into our brains — the belief that the world revolves around us and us alone — keeps holding us back from living the very life it dreams up for us, including what we can do to overcome our ego, be kinder to others and ourselves, and achieve true greatness."
52 "Personal Development" "Fail Fast Fail Often outlines the importance of accepting failure as a natural part of our life, and how by embracing it instead of fearing it can improve the way we evolve, grow, learn and respond to new experiences and people. "
43 "Personal Development" "Areté is the ultimate guide to Personal Development, providing 451 short ideas across 7 disciplines, combined from ancient philosophy, modern science, and the world’s best books, in order to help you become the hero of your own story and achieve your full potential."
173 "Personal Development" "Tribe of Mentors is a collection of over 100 mini-interviews, where some of the world’s most successful people share their ideas around habits, learning, money, relationships, failure, success, and life."
324 Business "The Ultimate Sales Machine is the legacy Chet Holmes left to help sales staff all over the world, by giving them 12 key strategies to relentlessly focus and execute on, in order to at least double their sales."
15 "Personal Development" "Doughnut Economics is a wake-up call to transform our capitalist worldview obsessed with growth into a more balanced, sustainable perspective that allows both humans and our planet to thrive."
486 "Personal Development" "When Things Fall Apart gives you the confidence to make it through life’s inevitable setbacks by sharing ideas and strategies like mindfulness to grow your resilience and come out on top."
143 "Personal Development" "Blueprint helps you have hope for the goodness of the human race by revealing our biologically wired social tendencies that help us survive and thrive by working together."
449 Business "Everything Is Obvious shows you that common sense isn't as reliable as you think it is, because it often fails us in helping to make predictions, and how you can change the way you or your company make decisions with more scientific, statistically grounded methods."
357 Business "Common Stocks and Uncommon Profits paves the way to success for all investors by outlining how to analyse stocks, understand the market, make smart investments and wise money decisions, and profit from them by being patient with the stock market and keeping your money in for the long-term."
226 "Personal Development" " A Beginner’s Guide To The End is your guide to using the principles of stillness, cleaning, and grief to prepare for your own or a loved one’s death."
317 Technology "Dataclysm gives powerful motivation for being more honest online by using information collected from the internet to identify what all of us are really like under the veil of anonymity and how we as a society have changed recently."
367 History "A Walk In The Woods tells the interesting story of the adventures Bill Bryson and Stephen Katz had while walking the beautiful, rugged, and historic Appalachian Trail."
268 "Personal Development" "Against Empathy explains the problems with society’s obsession with empathy and explores its limitations while giving us useful alternatives for situations in which it Doesn't work."
79 Business "Unlocking Potential is a guide that will help you as a leader make a difference in people’s lives in the long run by learning how to coach people in a way that brings to light their greatest strengths and capabilities."
108 "Personal Development" "Behave sets out to explain the reason behind human behavior, good or bad, by exploring the influences of brain chemistry and our environment."
390 Other " A Tale of Two Cities tells the stories of two connected families in 18th-century London and Paris, exploring everything from love and loss to murder and family intrigue, thus teaching us about history, ethics, and the complexity of human relationships."
400 "Physical Health" "Feel Great Lose Weight goes beyond fad diets and quick fixes for weight problems and instead dives into the science of how your body really works when you put food into it and how you can use this information to be fitter and feel better."
458 "Physical Health" "Why Zebras Don't Get Ulcers explores the leading causes of stress and how to keep it under control, as well as the biological science behind stress, which can be a catalyst for performance in the short term, but a potential threat in the long run."
140 "Personal Development" "Words That Work outlines the importance of using the right words and the appropriate body language in a given situation to make yourself understood properly and get the most out of the dialogue, while also teaching you some tips-and-tricks on how to win arguments, tame conflicts, and get your point across using a wise selection of words."
109 "Personal Development" "Discourses is a transcription of Epictetus’s lectures which aim to address a series of life ethics and tales that can help us make sense of certain things happening to us, such as hardship, challenges, and life events that ultimately lead to a stronger character."
255 Business "The Year Without Pants dives into the company culture of Automattic, the company behind Wordpress.com and explains how they’ve created a culture of work where employees thrive, creativity flows freely and new ideas are implemented on a daily basis."
456 "Personal Development" "What Are You Doing With Your Life? turns traditional ideas about happiness and the purpose of life on its head by diving into the details of life’s most important questions, all so you can live with intention and joy more constantly."
481 Business "Tribal Leadership explains the various roles people take on in organizations, showing you how to navigate, connect, and lead change across the five different stages of your company’s “tribal society.”"
5 "Personal Development" "Winners Dream will inspire you to get up and get moving to make your biggest goals happen by sharing the incredible rags to riches story of Bill McDermott, who went from humble beginnings to CEO of the biggest software company in the world simply by having a vision of what he wanted in life."
235 History "The Tao of Physics questions many biases about Western science and Eastern spirituality, showing the close connections between the principles of physics and those of Buddhism, Hinduism, and Taoism."
327 "Personal Development" "The Year of Magical Thinking talks about the process of grief, loss, and how trauma can affect a healthy mind and soul by leaving it empty of joy, all by delving into the life of Joan Didion who learned to overcome these feelings after her husband died and her daughter fell ill."
129 Business "The Wealthy Gardener is a series of stories told from the perspective of an old, wealthy man, who shares the financial wisdom he’s acquired over many years with the members in his community, showing them how to build wealth step-by-step through short yet meaningful anecdotes."
135 Business "Theory U helps leaders act based on the future, not the past, and allows them to create organizational change at a global level through creative and agile methodologies."
196 "Personal Development" "Daring Greatly is a book about having the courage to be vulnerable in a world where everyone wants to appear strong, confident and like they know what they're doing."
352 History "The Truth sees Neil Strauss draw lessons about monogamy, love and relationships learned from depression, sex addiction treatment, swinger parties and science labs, in the decade after becoming one of the world’s most notorious pick-up artists and desired single men on the planet."
362 "Personal Development" "Change By Design makes you a better problem solver at every aspect of life by outlining the design thinking process that companies can use to innovate and improve."
365 "Personal Development" "Thrive shines a light on the missing ingredient in our perception of success, which includes well-being, wonder, wisdom and giving, and goes beyond just money and power, which often drive people right into burnout, terrible health and unhappiness."
187 "Physical Health" "Fast Food Nation describes how the fast food industry has reduced the overall food quality worldwide, created poor working conditions for millions of people and ruined public health."
231 Business "Content, Inc. describes a six-step model you can use to do your marketing long before you need it, without even having a product, or spending a lot of money, so your entrepreneurial venture will be a guaranteed success."
286 "Personal Development" "Tiny Habits shows you the power of applying small changes to your routine to unleash the full power that habits have to make your life better."
119 "Personal Development" "Eat That Frog provides 21 techniques and strategies to stop procrastinating and get more done."
335 "Personal Development" "The Why Café is a book about how to find your purpose and live the life you have imagined, based on a fictional encounter in a simple yet magical cafe."
482 "Personal Development" "The Worry-Free Mind helps free you of the shackles of all types of anxieties by identifying where they come from and what steps you need to take to regain control of your thinking patterns and become mentally healthy again."
21 "Personal Development" "You'll See It When You Believe It shows you how to discover your true, best self by revealing how to use the power of your mind to find peace with yourself, the people around you, and the universe."
13 Business "Designing Your Work Life is a helpful guidebook for anyone who wants to create and maintain a work environment that is both happy and productive by working with what they already have, rather than keep on changing jobs in hope of finding better."
148 Business "Business Adventures will teach you how to run a company, invest in the stock market, change jobs, and many other things by sharing some of the most interesting experiences that big companies and their leaders have had over the last century."
107 "Personal Development" "Counterclockwise is a critical look at current perspectives on health with a particular focus on how we can improve our own when we shift from being mindless to mindful."
3 "Personal Development" "Be Where Your Feet Are explores the enlightening life lessons that one of America’s top-tier sports personalities has to give, from being present in the moment and living in a meaningful way, to achieving a more fulfilling and successful life."
460 History "A Woman of No Importance tells the fascinating and exciting story of Virginia Hall, an American who became one of the best spies for the Allies in World War II and helped significantly in the defeat of Nazi Germany."
290 Business "Charlie Munger teaches you the investment approach and ideas about life from Warren Buffett’s business partner and billionaire Charlie Munger, which the two have used for decades to run one of the most successful companies in the world."
171 Business "To Sell Is Human shows you that selling is part of your life, no matter what you do, and what a successful salesperson looks like in the 21st century, with practical ideas to help you convince others in a more honest, natural and sustainable way."
359 Other "A Brief History Of Time is Stephen Hawking’s way of explaining the most complex concepts and ideas of physics, such as space, time, black holes, planets, stars and gravity to the average Joe, so that even you and I can better understand how our planet was created, where it came from, and where it’s going."
499 Technology "Abundance shows you the key technological trends being developed today, to give you a glimpse of a future that’s a lot brighter than you think and help you embrace the optimism we need to make it happen."
345 "Personal Development" "Dopamine Nation talks about the importance of living a balanced life in relation to all the pleasure and stimuli we're surrounded with on a daily basis, such as drugs, devices, porn, gambling facilities, showing us how to avoid becoming dopamine addicts by restricting our access to them. "
450 History "A Promised Land is former president Barack Obama’s memoir in which he explains how he got into politics, what it was like for him to be president of the United States from 2009 to 2017, and how he felt during some of his biggest achievements, like passing the Affordable Care Act."
422 "Physical Health" "Eat, Move, Sleep shows you that living a long and healthy life is not the result of massive lifestyle changes, but of lots of small habits, which improve the way you sleep, eat and exercise and, if combined, add a whole lot to your health."
252 "Personal Development" "Waking Up is a guide to mindfulness, spirituality, meditation, and understanding religion, analyzing these topics from a neutral point of view to create a bridge between atheists and believers, all while explaining a series of core aspects regarding spirituality and how the mind works."
32 "Physical Health" "What to Eat When teaches us how food works inside our body and how to feed ourselves in a way that better suits our biology, making us healthier and stronger."
325 "Personal Development" "Be Fearless shows that radical changes are more effective than small enhancements and urges us to be bold in trying to make progress."
60 "Physical Health" "Fat For Fuel explores the “Mitochondrial Metabolic Therapy” program, which offers a revolutionary approach to diets by promoting a high-fat, adequate-protein, and low-carb diet, all while highlighting the importance of fasting and the role of nutrition in fighting diseases."
92 Business "The Wisdom Of Finance is a fascinating book that identifies the differences and similarities between the world of money and life experiences like relationships, showing how principles from each of these can benefit each other."
308 Business "Disney U outlines the principles that create the customer-centric philosophy of Disney and contribute to the company’s massive success, while also highlighting some aspects of their organizational culture, such as caring for their staff and providing high-quality training."
348 "Personal Development" "Do Nothing explores the idea that our focus on being productive all the time is making us less effective because of how little rest we get, identifying how the consequences of overworking ourselves, and the benefits of taking time off, make a compelling argument that we should spend more time doing nothing."
76 Business "Agile Selling helps you become a great salesperson by identifying how successful people thrive in any sales position with the skills of learning and adapting quickly."
65 Business "Think Like A Rocket Scientist teaches you how to think like an engineer in your everyday life so that you can accomplish your personal and professional goals and reach your full potential."
222 Business "Work The System will fundamentally change the way you view the world, by showing you the systems all around you and giving you the guiding principles to influence the right ones to make your business successful."
219 Business "Chaos Monkeys is a fun behind-the-scenes look that lifts the veil on some of the weird, mysterious and sometimes questionable practices going on behind closed doors of mega startups in Silicon Valley."
142 "Personal Development" "Boundaries explains, with the help of modern psychology and Christian ideals, how to improve your mental health and personal growth by establishing guidelines for self-care that include saying no more often and standing firm in your decisions rather than letting people walk all over you."
457 Technology "AI Superpowers will help you understand what to expect of the effect that artificial intelligence will have on your future job opportunities by diving into where China and the US, the world’s two leaders in AI, are heading with this breakthrough technology."
256 "Personal Development" "Winners: And How They Succeed draws on years of research and extensive interviews with a wide array of successful people to deliver a blueprint for what it takes to win in life based on strategy, leadership and team-building."
443 "Personal Development" "Why Are We Yelling? will improve your relationships, professional life, and the way you view the world by showing you that arguments are not bad, but important growing experiences if we learn to make them productive."
278 "Physical Health" "Eat Better, Feel Better is a go-to guide for combating modern dietary problems and adopting a healthier lifestyle."
420 Business "The Total Money Makeover shows you how to stop accepting debt as normal, eliminate it forever in small increments, and build the financial future you deserve in seven steps."
399 "Personal Development" "The Talent Code cracks open the myth of talent and breaks it down from a neurological standpoint into three crucial parts, which anyone can pull together to become a world-class performer, artist, or athlete and form something they used to believe was not even within their own hands."
116 History "A History Of The World In 6 Glasses will give you some great conversation starters at your next party by teaching you the origins and impact of the worlds six favorite drinks, including beer, wine, alcoholic spirits, tea, coffee, and soda."
46 "Personal Development" "Better Than Before breaks down the latest research on how to break bad habits and develop good ones, in order to help you find your habit tendency and give you a few simple tools to start improving your own habits."
80 "Personal Development" "Change Your Questions, Change Your Life will revolutionize your thinking with questions that create a learning mindset."
165 "Personal Development" "Everything Is Figureoutable will help you annihilate the limiting beliefs that are holding you back so that you can finally pursue your dreams by identifying the thinking patterns that get you stuck and how to use self-empowerment principles to become free."
274 Other "A New Earth outlines a crazy and destructive place we call home, but not without showing us that we can all save it together, by looking into our minds and detaching ourselves from our ego, so we can practice acceptance and enjoyment."
113 "Personal Development" "Anxiety at Work outlines the importance of having a harmonious working environment due to the constant increase in people’s stress levels from their professional lives, and how managers, direct supervisors, CEOs, and other executive bodies can help reduce it by fostering a healthy environment."
287 Other "Empty Planet explains why overpopulation alarmists are wrong and how depopulation poses the more imminent threat to the happiness of humanity."
16 Business "Design To Grow uses Coca-Cola as an example of how keeping a company stable and flexible at the same time over decades is not only possible, but a must to grow and scale your business across the globe."
273 History "A Vindication Of The Rights Of Woman will help you make the world a more fair place by teaching some of the gender inequalities of the eighteenth century."
104 Technology "Brave New World presents a futuristic society engineered perfectly around capitalism and scientific efficiency, in which everyone is happy, conform, and content — but only at first glance."
161 History "Will is world-famous actor and musician Will Smith’s autobiography, outlining his life’s story all the way from his humble beginnings in West Philadelphia to achieving fame as a musician and then global stardom as an actor and, ultimately, one of the most influential people of our time."
40 "Personal Development" "The Universe Has Your Back explores the importance of spiritual elevation, meditation, and ways to live by a mantra that serves you in your self-discovery journey that will shape your reality through new and improved thoughts and inner beliefs."
475 Business "Capitalism And Freedom helps you understand some of the most important factors protecting your liberty by outlining the government’s role in economics and how things go best when political entities are small and stay out of the flow of money in a country."
179 "Personal Development" "Antifragile reveals how some systems thrive from shocks, volatility and uncertainty, instead of breaking from them, and how you can adapt more antifragile traits yourself to thrive in an uncertain and chaotic world."
128 Other "Winners Take All helps you see the ultra-rich in a more accurate light by identifying their shady strategies, including using the idea of “making the world a better place” as a front that only serves as a way to solidify their wealth and power."
241 "Personal Development" "Find Your Why is an actionable guide to discover your mission in life, figure out how you can live it on a daily basis and share it with the world."
382 "Personal Development" "Finite and Infinite Games offers the theory that we play many different games in life, showing you that work and relationships are long-term endeavors and how to play them in order to win."
291 "Personal Development" "The Yes Brain offers parenting techniques that will give your kids an open attitude towards life, balance, resilience, insight, and empathy."
82 Business "Time And How To Spend It is your guide to becoming more productive by not focusing on working extra hours but instead using the time off more effectively."
384 "Personal Development" " 10 Days To Faster Reading helps you bring your reading skills to the current century, even if you've stopped developing them, like most of us, with the end of elementary school, by helping you select what to read in a better way and giving you actionable techniques to read and retain faster and better."
263 "Personal Development" "A Curious Mind is an homage to the power of asking questions, showing you how being curious can change your entire life, from the way you do business, to how you interact with your loved ones, or even shape your country."
425 Business "Will It Fly is a step-by-step guide to testing your business idea, making sure your new venture matches who you are, and not wasting time or money on something people won't want, so your business won't just run, but fly."
202 "Personal Development" "Ego Friendly brings a twist to the mainstream spiritual narrative by showing you how to befriend your ego and treat it as your ally, instead of “letting go of it.”"
371 Business "Cashvertising teaches you how to become an expert at marketing by using techniques like using the power of authority, following the three steps of writing a perfect headline, and appealing to the eight basic desires people have instead of spending millions on ads."
266 "Personal Development" "Braving The Wilderness offers a four-step process to find true belonging through authenticity, bravery, trust, and vulnerability since it’s mostly about learning to stand alone rather than trying to fit in."
297 History "Amusing Ourselves To Death takes you through the history of media to highlight how entertainment’s standing in society has risen to the point where our addiction to it undermines our independent thinking."
282 "Personal Development" "59 Seconds shows you several self-improvement hacks, grounded in the science of psychology, which you can use to improve your mindset, happiness and life in less than a minute."
249 Business "When To Rob A Bank is a collection of the best of the Freakonomics authors’ blog posts from over 10 years of blogging about economics in all areas of our life."
412 "Personal Development" "As A Man Thinketh is an essay and self-help classic, which argues that the key to mastering your life is harnessing the power of your thoughts and helps you cultivate the philosophy and attitude of a positive, successful person."
276 Business "Dotcom Secrets is a hands-on guide to digital marketing and growing online businesses by harnessing the power of the internet and the new face of marketing through sales funnels and many other digital products well-explained by Russell Brunson, the multimillionaire who founded ClickFunnels."
361 "Personal Development" "Be A Free Range Human inspires you to finally quit that 9-5 job that is sucking the life out of you and begin working for yourself by explaining why the “job security” Doesn't exist anymore, helping you discover your passions, and identifying the steps you need to follow if you want to start a life of freedom and happiness."
63 Business "The Thank You Economy announces the return of small town courtesy to the world of business, thanks to social media, and shows you why business must not neglect nurturing its one-on-one relationships with customers through the new channels online, to thrive in the modern world."
22 "Personal Development" "Willpower Doesn't Work shows you how to change your life in a more efficient way than relying on sheer grit alone by identifying the importance of your environment and other factors that affect your productivity so you can become your best self."
233 "Personal Development" "A More Beautiful Question will teach you how to ask more and better questions, showing you the power that the right questions have to transform your life for the better."
244 Business "Duct Tape Marketing introduces small businesses to the nuts and bolts of marketing in the 21st century by taking them all the way from character profiles and strategy through specific marketing tactics to building a great referral system."
498 "Personal Development" "Bullshit Jobs asserts that roughly two out of every five people are stuck in work that is bereft of purpose, and these workers could suffer psychological damage as a result."
455 "Personal Development" "Feral will help you find ways to improve the well-being of humanity by illustrating the deep connection between us and Nature and offering actionable advice on how to preserve balance in our ecosystems through rewilding."
232 "Personal Development" "Collaborative Intelligence helps you enhance your unique thinking traits and develop an individualized form of intelligence based on what works best for you, what your strengths are, and how you communicate with others."
391 Business "Dare To Lead dispels common myths about modern-day workplace culture and shows you that true leadership requires nothing but vulnerability, values, trust, and resilience."
461 "Personal Development" "Think Like A Freak teaches you how to reject conventional wisdom as often as possible, ask the right questions about everything and come up with your own, statistically validated answers, instead of relying on other people's’ opinions or common sense."
369 Business "Brainfluence will help you get more sales by revealing people’s subconscious thinking and their motivations in the decision-making process they use when buying."
313 History "Enlightenment Now describes how the values of the Enlightenment, science, reason, humanism, and progress, keep improving our world until today, making it a better place day by day, despite the negative news."
212 "Personal Development" "What Got You Here won't Get You There helps you overcome your personality traits and behaviors that stop you from achieving even more success. "
42 Business "Disrupt Yourself explains how you can harness the ever-accelerating power of disruptive innovation in your personal life, be it to advance your career or to build a company that thrives, by embracing your limitations, focusing on your strengths and staying flexible and curious along the way."
353 History "All In talks about the life of Billie Jean King, a remarkable woman and tennis player who fought for gender equality in sports and managed to change the US legislature in this regard by never giving up on her vision, which is to ensure a no discrimination zone in sports for young women."
223 "Personal Development" "Letting Go of Nothing offers a simple, two-step practice for making peace with any situation and thus finding inner calm and happiness, explaining mindfulness in a way that is relatable, concise, and unpretentious."
174 "Personal Development" "A Guide To The Good Life is a roadmap for aspiring Stoics, revealing why this ancient philosophy is useful today, what Stoicism is truly about, and showing you how to cultivate its powerful principles in your own life."
194 "Physical Health" "Come As You Are is an explanation of the truth about female sexuality, including the hidden science of what turns women on, why it works, how to utilize this knowledge to improve your sex life, and why sexual myths make you feel inadequate in bed."
250 Other "Boys & Sex shares the best insights that Peggy Orenstein had after two years of asking young men about their sex lives, including why stereotypes make life harder for them, how hookup culture is destroying relationships, and what we as a society can do to help these boys have better, healthier views about and experiences with sex."
306 Business "First, Break All The Rules claims that everything you think you know about managing people is wrong, revealing how you can challenge the status quo so that both you and those you lead will achieve their full potential."
295 "Personal Development" "What to Say When You Talk to Yourself is a book by Shad Helmstetter, a self-help guru who has written several pieces on the subject of self-talk, and who argues that in order to achieve our highest self we need to work on how we talk to ourselves and identify our biggest challenge to conquer."
237 "Personal Development" "What I Know For Sure encourages you to create the life you want by pursuing excellence, practicing gratitude, and leveraging bad experiences to become stronger."
329 "Personal Development" "The Willpower Instinct breaks down willpower into 3 categories, and gives you science-backed systems to improve your self-control, break bad habits and choose long-term goals over instant gratification."
497 History "Win or Learn explores the philosophy of life and the secrets behind peak performance in MMA of John Kavanagh, the trainer and friend of superstar Conor McGregor, and their journey to success which started in a modest gym in Ireland and ended up with McGregor having a net worth of 100 million dollars."
247 Business "Adaptive Markets gives you a better understanding of how the movement of money in the world works by outlining the characteristics of the market, some of which are more like living creatures than you might think."
99 "Personal Development" "Why We Love delivers a scientific explanation for love, shows you how it developed historically and evolutionarily, tells you what we're all attracted to and where we differ, and of course gives you actionable advice to deal with both the exciting, successful romance in your life, as well as its sometimes inevitable fallout."
409 "Personal Development" "The Upside Of Stress helps you change your mindset from one that avoids anxiety at all costs to a belief that embraces stress as a normal part of life, which helps you respond to it in better ways and actually be healthier."
45 Business "Company Of One will teach you how going small, not big when creating your own company will bring you independence, income, and lots of free time without the hassles of having to manage employees, long meetings, and forced growth."
312 History "Wonderland shows you that much of societal and technological progress actually originates from people playing and just following their curiosity, as it takes you on a tour of history’s greatest dabblers and how they helped build the future."
495 History "The Warmth Of Other Suns is the story of how and why millions of Black Americans left the South between 1915 and 1970 to escape the brutality of the Jim Crow Laws and find safety, better pay, and more freedom in what is known today as The Great Migration."
242 "Personal Development" "This Is Your Mind On Plants is an analysis of three conscious-altering substances — opium, caffeine and mescaline — which humans have been using for thousands of years, as well as how their effects have shaped our bodies, culture, and history, showing that, beyond arguing about their legalities, we must understand their potential to help us connect with both nature and ourselves in new ways."
138 "Personal Development" "Bird By Bird is Ann Lamott’s guide to using the power of routine, being yourself, rolling with the punches, and many other principles to become a better writer."
370 "Physical Health" "First Bite explains how you've acquired your eating habits in your childhood and why they're not hardwired, as well as how you can change them for the better and teach your children to eat healthy."
17 Business "Things A Little Bird Told Me is Twitter co-founder Biz Stone’s look back at the years of his life during and before Twitter, from which he draws many lessons about business, life and society."
280 "Personal Development" "Unlimited Power is a self-help classic, which breaks down how Tony Robbins has helped top performers achieve at their highest level and how you can use the same mental and physical tactics to accomplish your biggest goals in life."
234 "Personal Development" "Battle Hymn Of The Tiger Mother opens your eyes to the potential benefits of tough love by sharing the traditionally Chinese parenting style and experiences of Amy Chua."
316 Other "Empire Of Illusion motivates you to watch less TV and get better at reading by outlining the sharp drop in literacy levels in the United States in recent years, the negative effects that have followed, and the dark future ahead if we continue on this path."
70 Business "The Start-Up of You explains why you need manage your career as if you were running a start-up to get ahead in today’s ultra-competitive and ever-changing business world."
1 "Personal Development" "Born To Win explores how planning and preparation is the only way to win in life and shows you how to use these tools in combination with a vision, goals, and thinking positively to become a winner in all aspects of life."
358 "Personal Development" "The Social Animal weaves social science research into the story of a fictional couple to shed light on the decision-making power of our unconscious minds."
11 Business "Winning is Jack Welch’s manual to becoming an astonishing manager and leader, which gives you practical tools to manage the finances, strategy and, most importantly, the people of your company."
322 Business "Everyday Millionaires proves how anyone can become a millionaire if they have a solid actionable plan and the willingness to work hard by drawing conclusions from the largest study ever conducted on the lives of millionaires."
479 "Personal Development" "Who Not How will skyrocket your success, happiness, and fulfillment in all areas of your life by identifying why you're looking at your problems the wrong way and how simply seeking to get the right people to help you will make all the difference."
285 "Personal Development" "Everything I Know ditches all the rules and gives you a guide to living a fulfilled and adventurous life that can be infinitely updated, stretched, expanded and customized, based on who you are, instead of another “do-this-to-get-rich-fast” scheme that Doesn't work for everyone."
158 "Personal Development" "The Upside Of Irrationality shows you the many ways in which you act irrational, while thinking what you're doing makes perfect sense, and how this irrational behavior can actually be beneficial, as long as you use it the right way."
331 "Personal Development" "Daily Rituals is a compilation of the best practices and habits of successful people from different fields aimed to help anyone increase productivity, get past writer’s block, and become more creative and efficient in their everyday work."
62 "Personal Development" "Chatter will help you make sense of the inner mind chatter that frequently takes over your mind, showing you how to quiet negative thoughts, stop overthinking, feel less anxious, and develop useful practices to constantly alleviate negative emotions."
245 History "Behind The Cloud tells the story of Salesforce.com, one of the biggest and earliest cloud computing, software-as-a-service companies in the world and how it went from small startup to billion-dollar status."
251 Other "Excellent Sheep describes how fundamentally broken elite education is, why it makes students feel depressed and lost, how educational institutions have been alienated from their true purpose, what students really must learn in college and how we can go back to making college a place for self-discovery and critical thinking."
261 History "Alexander The Great is one of the latest, most updated, and contemporary books on the life of the ancient, Macedonian king, who would extend his empire from a little slide of land in Greece through Persia, Egypt, all the way to India, forming the greatest empire the ancient world had ever seen."
154 "Personal Development" "Be Obsessed Or Be Average motivates you to get your heart into your work and live up to your true potential by identifying the thinking patterns and work habits of the passionate, successful, and driven Grant Cardone."
81 "Personal Development" "Brandwashed will help you make better buying decisions by identifying the psychological tools that marketers use to turn your own brain against you and make you think that you need to buy their products."
41 Business "Explaining why they're the future of business and showing you that you too, can be a leader."
69 History "Buddha’s Brain explains how world-changing thought leaders like Moses, Mohammed, Jesus, Gandhi and the Buddha altered their brains with the power of their minds and how you can use the latest findings of neuroscience to do the same and become a more positive, resilient, mindful and happy person."
374 "Personal Development" "Emotional Intelligence 2.0 explains what Emotional Intelligence is and how you can use it to build fantastic relationships in your personal life and career by utilizing the powers of self-awareness, self-management, social awareness, and relationship management."
103 Business "Extraordinary Influence helps you become a better leader by revealing what neuroscience has to say about effective leadership, identifying communication as the key to the highest levels of performance."
466 "Personal Development" "When Breath Becomes Air helps you see what’s really important by diving into Paul Kalanithi’s life of loving neuroscience, literature, meaning, and his family that ended from cancer in his mid-thirties."
347 "Personal Development" "Creative Confidence helps break the mundanity of everyday work and life by exploring the power that being more innovative has to improve happiness and success in many different areas."
292 Business "Dollars And Sense explains why it’s so hard to manage money and teaches you how to combat false cues and natural desires so you can manage your dollars in better ways."
472 History "Energy makes you smarter by helping you understand where this important aspect of our lives comes from, how we've used it throughout history to get to where we are today, and why we need to be careful about how we consume it so that we can have a better future."
447 "Personal Development" "Big Magic is the book that'll give you the courage you need to pursue your creative interests by showing you how to deal with your fears, notice ideas and act on them and take the stress out of creation."
18 History "Common Sense is a classic piece of US history that will help you see the importance of societies coming together to form a fair governmental system and how these ideas paved the way for the American revolution."
341 Business "What Color Is Your Parachute is a classic for job seekers, equipping you with the tools, tips and strategies you need to quickly find the right gig in today’s fast-moving market."
267 Business "Traction is a roadmap for startups to achieve the exponential growth necessary to survive the first few months and years by looking at 19 ways to get traction and a framework to help you pick the best one for your startup."
207 Business "Woke, Inc. taps into the dark secrets of the woke culture in corporate America, which organizations generate tremendous amounts of profit by hiding behind causes like social justice, gender equality, climate change, and many other popular matters."
236 Business "Alibaba shares the inspiring story of Jack Ma’s hard work, entrepreneurial vision, and smart thinking that helped him build one of the most successful and influential companies in the world."
12 "Physical Health" "When The Body Says No will help you become healthier by teaching you the truth behind the mind-body connection, revealing how your mental state does in fact affect your physical condition and how you can improve both."
452 History "A Splendid Exchange outlines the history of global trade, revealing its older than we think, has enabled the progress of civilization, and continues to change the world on a daily basis."
301 "Personal Development" "Automate Your Busy Work is a step-by-step guide to getting rid of your most dreaded tasks, fueled by the simple but sophisticated “Automation Flywheel,” which will help you reduce stress, get more done, and find time for your most meaningful work."
147 Business "Unshakeable distills the essence of world class investors down into four core principles you should follow while investing, giving you simple rules and actionable steps to follow to make sure your finances flourish."
416 "Personal Development" " 10% Happier gives skeptics an easy “in” to meditation, by taking a very non-fluffy approach to the science behind this mindfulness practice and showing you how and why letting go of your ego is important for living a stress-free life."
417 History "A People’s History Of The United States will help you improve the world by giving you a better understanding of the true, sometimes shameful, story of this America’s rise to power."
137 "Personal Development" "Finish identifies perfectionism as the biggest enemy of your goals, in order to then help you defeat it with research backed strategies to get things out the door while having fun, taking the pressure off and cutting yourself some slack."
89 History "Fire And Fury is a first-person account of Donald Trump’s presidential campaign in 2016, his unexpected victory, and subsequent first year in the White House as 45th president of the United States."
59 "Personal Development" "Beyond Order is the follow-up to Jordan Peterson’s bestselling book 12 Rules for Life and identifies another 12 rules to live by that help us live with and even embrace the chaos that we struggle with every day, identifying that too much order can be a problem just as much as too much disorder."
493 History "Untamed is an inspiring memoir of Glennon Doyle, a woman who found peace and inner strength by challenging life in all its areas, from love to parenting, personal growth, and work, after going through a powerful change that led her to discover crucial aspects about herself and allowed her to build a new life."
31 "Personal Development" "Enchantment is a personal exploration of the four elements and their power to reconnect us to the planet, other people, and ourselves as we re-emerge from a global health crisis feeling busier than ever before."
380 History "Cooked is a historical exploration of the four primary elements we use to transform our food, from fire to water, air, and earth, celebrating traditional cooking methods while showing you practical ways to improve your eating habits and prepare more of your own food."
39 "Personal Development" "Why We Work looks at the purpose of work in our lives by examining how different people view their work, what traits make work feel meaningful, and which questions companies should ask to maximize the motivation of their employees."
151 "Personal Development" "Factfulness explains how our worldview has been distorted with the rise of new media, which ten human instincts cause erroneous thinking, and how we can learn to separate fact from fiction when forming our opinions."
346 History "Breakfast With Socrates takes you through an ordinary day in the company of extraordinary minds, by linking each part of it to the core message of one of several great philosophers throughout history, such as Descartes, Nietzsche, Marx, and even Buddha."
120 Business "Broke Millennial shows those in their twenties and thirties how to manage their finances so that they can stop scraping by and instead begin to live more confidently when it comes to money."
64 History "The Snowball is the only authorized biography of Warren Buffett, the “Oracle of Omaha,” legendary value investor and once richest man on earth, detailing his life from the very humble beginnings all the way to his unfathomable success."
98 "Physical Health" "Body By Science offers a hands-on approach to fitness and what building a healthy, fit, and strong body implies, all while debunking common myths about training practices that served as a benchmark for gym enthusiasts since the rise of the sports industry."
426 Technology "A Mind For Numbers will teach you how to learn math and science more efficiently and get good at them by understanding how your brain absorbs and processes information, even if these subjects Don't come naturally to you."
334 History "Drive explores what has motivated humans throughout history and explains how we shifted from mere survival to the carrot and stick approach that’s still practiced today – and why it’s outdated."
377 History "You Are Not A Gadget will help you get a better grasp on how much the internet undervalues your individuality by explaining the history of the digital world, the worrying path that it has put us on, and how we might make changes as a society to fix these problems."
368 Business "Blue Ocean Strategy talks about a new type of business strategy that Doesn't necessarily rely on gaining a competitive advantage over your rivals, but on innovating your way out of the current market to create your own ocean of opportunities."
50 "Personal Development" "Failing Forward will help you stop making excuses, start embracing failure as a natural, necessary part of the process and let you find the confidence to proceed anyway."
383 Business "What They Don't Teach You At Harvard Business School teaches why succeeding in business has less to do with accumulated theoretical knowledge through schooling and books, and more about people and communication."
459 "Personal Development" "Unbeatable Mind explores the idea that everyone has a higher self-potential lying underneath that they ought to explore and tap into in order to live their life to the fullest and maximize their happiness and success, all possible through the 20X rule."
176 History "Catch Me If You Can is the story of how Frank Abagnale, one of the most famous con-artists in history, faked over eight identities, several professions, and cashed over $2.5 million of forged checks in the 1960s, until the police finally caught him at age 21."
309 "Personal Development" "Bittersweet explains where emotions like sorrow, longing, and sadness come from and what their purpose in our lives is, as well as helping us deal with grief, loss, and our own mortality."
8 "Personal Development" "Why Has Nobody Told Me This Before? is a collection of a clinical psychologist’s best practical advice to combat anxiety and depression and improve our mental health in small increments, collected from over a decade of 1-on-1 work with patients."
304 "Personal Development" "The Upside Of Your Dark Side takes a look at our darkest emotions, like anxiety or anger, and shows you there are real benefits that follow them and their underlying character traits, such as narcissism or psychopathy."
294 "Personal Development" "Why We Sleep will motivate you get more and better quality sleep by showing you the recent scientific findings on why sleep deprivation is bad for individuals and society."
75 Other "Bad Feminist will show you a new way of looking at equality by revealing some not so common ideas about race, gender, and feminism in the United States."
44 "Personal Development" "Difficult Conversations identifies why we shy away from some conversations more than others, and what we can do to navigate them successfully and without stress."
